Carlo Scaglia: That's cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Let's go. Carlo.
Carlo Scaglia: Hi, Bob, nice to meet you.
Bob Moesta: So how are you, man?
Carlo Scaglia: Very good. Thanks you. It's cool to to the man the myth, the legend about you. Yeah, let me let me kick into it. So
Carlo Scaglia: exhort is a global network of like the world's best photographers and video makers, or from a younger generation, we host them on our platform, and we work with producers within agencies
Carlo Scaglia: to facilitate all of their content campaigns anywhere in the world with extreme efficiency.
Bob Moesta: Okay.
Carlo Scaglia: Now we've
Carlo Scaglia: come quite well far, ish. Last year we supported about 500 productions, 30 different countries for quite big clients like Airbnb
Carlo Scaglia: across all of them, like, we've consistently reduced
Carlo Scaglia: time by about 70% and production costs by about 30%.
Carlo Scaglia: Now, the sort of main question that I had for you is that we're consumption based business. In other words, agency producers come to us when they have the green light on a campaign, and they've got the right people in the right places.
Carlo Scaglia: However, agency producers also do a lot of other work in pre-production. They gotta scout people. They gotta list them. They gotta talk about them. They're gonna see what's possible. And all of those things are still very much doable within the platform. So I'm trying to work out how we can increase usage within our platform beyond what they think is their only need. That's 1 part I struggle with.
Bob Moesta: So the way that I would answer that is, that
Bob Moesta: I would target whatever their big struggling moment is@firstst And so, whatever whatever they, wherever they need to change behavior, or wherever they need to save money or want to save time, like, what are the things you need to fix. But once you solve that problem, it goes down the list. It's like, Okay, I got that solved. Now, what's the next thing?
Bob Moesta: And so part of it is to actually think about the the set of struggling moments, and how they emerge through time and space. And so the the reality is like every time we create a new feature, we actually solve one problem. But we usually create another problem.
Bob Moesta: right? And so it's that aspect of being able to do both of those things and be able to understand kind of what's the sequencing. So my thing is, if the big thing is about basically the production of the of the of the thing. Let's let's help them there and then, as we get better at that, now, we can help them with the pre-production stuff.
Bob Moesta: or are they really struggling with the pre-production stuff? And they're not struggling with too much, with the, with production of How do we actually help them with the pre-production stuff, and it's like, what can you do to help them in those modes? Because in some cases they have to be able to. One admit they're struggling and 2 is they have to see a better way to actually try.
Bob Moesta: Right? Does that help.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah, that makes sense, especially the last part. When you say they actually have to see a better way to actually
Carlo Scaglia: try. Do you want like just expanding a little bit on that one.
Bob Moesta: Well. So so here's the thing is is, if you actually can explain their problem better than they can articulate it. The 1st thing is they're gonna assume you actually have a solution already.
Bob Moesta: Right? So think of, think of
Bob Moesta: I'm trying to let me see if I can come up with an example of that one.
Bob Moesta: let me think. Sorry I I have some in home products. I have some you want. So we want software examples.
Bob Moesta: oh, alright so so in in shopping, right? The fact is, is, the fact is, like as as people are trying to actually put together a project.
Bob Moesta: The the reality is as they as they
Bob Moesta: try to frame that project. Hold on a second, I lost my thought.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. The fact is, is that what? Yeah? So as they start to frame a project we talk about all the things they struggle with in framing the project like, there's so many details in framing a project. You gotta know the measurements. You got to know this, you got to know that. And it's like it's at some point. It's overwhelming and easy for somebody else to do it. But we have a way to actually solve this by breaking it down into small pieces, and people go like, Oh, my God! That's exactly what my problem is. You got to have a solution for it. I'm going to try the process. So sometimes when you can describe the problem better than they can.
Bob Moesta: they assume, you have a solution to it, and they'll pull them into the solution
Bob Moesta: right? And so figure out how to articulate their. The other part is to articulate their problem and their words, not your words, and not not global words. So my thing is is go interview like so how many, how many clients do you already have.
Carlo Scaglia: We've got about 13 clients and overall in terms of Jtbds.
Bob Moesta: And how many job and what how many jobs do you have.
Carlo Scaglia: 15.
Bob Moesta: 15 Jobs.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: Okay, so.
Carlo Scaglia: No sorry. Sorry. 15 jobs to be done. Interviews like.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, okay, well, and how many have you done any patterns in it yet?
Carlo Scaglia: Bypass. Yes.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What what outcomes, what.
Bob Moesta: What are the 3 or 4 like of the 15 interviews? How many different jobs did you find.
Carlo Scaglia: 3 core ones.
Bob Moesta: Okay, which are.
Carlo Scaglia: Drastically reduce the sourcing time of high quality. Creatives.
Bob Moesta: Are they willing to pay more for more better sourcing time?
Carlo Scaglia: Yes.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. Good. Okay. Next.
Carlo Scaglia: Remove all operational friction points once they have the right creatives things like contracting payments.
Bob Moesta: And and I would tell you that it's probably not all of them. It's the big ones that actually just throw them for a loop every time. And, like you said, there's probably there's a there's maybe a hundred things yet that means less friction. But it's these 15 that are really important. Make sure you prioritize to the 15, not not trying to do it all, because you'll never do it all.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah, okay, that makes sense.
Bob Moesta: And the last one.
Carlo Scaglia: The last one was providing greater transparency around pricing.
Bob Moesta: And why do they want that? What's the outcome? How do I say? Providing transparency is a solution? To what problem.
Carlo Scaglia: If it's back to the sourcing, because then in the past all the different creators had different prices, and if they didn't fit budgets, the producer would have to start again, and they waste loads of time, and they're on a time. Crunch once that.
Bob Moesta: This is really about. Help me help me build better, more realistic budgets.
Carlo Scaglia: Yes.
Bob Moesta: Got it, and the other one is about helping reduce my source time and the middle one is
Bob Moesta: remove the friction.
Carlo Scaglia: Yes.
Bob Moesta: Got it, and which one are they doing? Mo. Of the 3?
Bob Moesta: How many people are? So here's the thing is there's a reason why people come. And then there's sometimes a different reason why people stay
Bob Moesta: right. So they might come to you because they have a sourcing problem, and then they realize, oh, you can help me get rid of these friction points. So I'm staying for the friction points, even though you've already. I might use the sourcing once in a while. But the friction points is a big thing for us, right? And so why do people come, and why do they stay? What's your theory.
Carlo Scaglia: They come because of the sourcing, because they've got an immediate need, and they've got to find someone quickly, and then they realize how easy it is, and how convenient it is the friction point. So that's why.
Bob Moesta: Got it, got it. So that's probably why they say so. My thing is, is, you don't really need to do any advertising around the friction points, because at some point those might not be big enough things for them to commit to trying a new platform. It might be through the other 2, which is how we build a better budget or help me help me reduce sourcing time, and ultimately then they'll they'll they'll they'll actually value the other part, because now you've got rid of those other 2 problems.
Bob Moesta: right?
Bob Moesta: And so from a product strategy perspective, it's like, you know, I might not need to do all 3, but from a marketing strategy I might only lead with the the 2 of you know. Help me reduce sourcing time. Help me build a more realistic budget.
Carlo Scaglia: Only so it's a sense.
Bob Moesta: Right, because if you, if you, if you reduce the friction, they might do it. But I I think they'll value it actually more after they see the other things you do.
Carlo Scaglia: Yes, I think the friction part is one thing they have to experience to evaluate.
Bob Moesta: That's right. It's so hard to articulate. And and they really don't know it into, because all of a sudden they're gonna go. God! That was easy. Why, why was that so easy? You're like, oh, because we have this and this and this. Oh, that's why we're gonna stay.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah, exactly.
Carlo Scaglia: Nice. Thanks.
Bob Moesta: Very cool, very cool. Yeah, I don't think I don't know if I have anything more
Bob Moesta: unless you have any more questions, but I feel like that's like I feel like 3 jobs is about right. If you know, I've done stuff in in similar areas around this, the the notion of reducing sourcing time is like, it's the aspect of help me keep the project on track. Help me get realistic expectations. And the friction they are those those 3 jobs make sense to me.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah, especially that sourcing time, because for them, for producers each campaign is tied to revenue, and the longer it takes miss out on it.
Bob Moesta: Is, the is the resourcing time
Bob Moesta: where you can actually help them. So the the thing is, is they the the output might be that they want to reduce the sourcing time. But the outcome is so I can do more shoots, so I can do more. you know, projects
Bob Moesta: right. So make sure you're aware of what's the real outcome they're looking for, though they say they might want to save time. The reality is this, what are they gonna save the time to do and make sure you connect what they want to do back to that saving time.
Bob Moesta: because just saving time alone is not enough.
Carlo Scaglia: Those were the the sort of 3 consistent things that were coming up, and one of them was the producers were actually saying no to quite a few jobs, because they didn't have like they couldn't do them.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, no band. So when I don't, when I don't have enough bandwidth, help me reduce my sourcing time. So I can actually say yes more than no.
Carlo Scaglia: Exactly.
Bob Moesta: Got it. Okay, what's another one.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, sorry. Go ahead, Carlo!
Bob Moesta: One more.
Carlo Scaglia: Don't need to wrap it up.
Bob Moesta: Yeah.
Carlo Scaglia: Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No, no, you don't need to. You're good.
Carlo Scaglia: Alright cool. Yeah. So one of them is, do more do more projects. The other one is actually gain a competitive edge over other competitors because they can.
Bob Moesta: How, how does it do that.
Carlo Scaglia: Because it means they're able to find the right people a lot faster and come back to the client a lot faster when they client wants to get the job done while others.
Bob Moesta: So one is so I could do more. The other one is so. I could be more responsive to my to my customers.
Carlo Scaglia: Yes, and then the other 1, 1 second.
Bob Moesta: Yeah.
Carlo Scaglia: No.
Bob Moesta: I still still think that. So I'm more responsive. So I can do more job, I more more projects. I think that's that's the big thing.
Carlo Scaglia: But also that delays make them lose clients, because
Carlo Scaglia: then the client is not satisfied, and then move to other agencies.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. Reduce. Churn.
Carlo Scaglia: Exactly.
Bob Moesta: Okay.
Bob Moesta: but make sure you have it. So it's like when when I when I'm in this situation and I struggle with these things, you know, help me do these things. So I can do more projects. So I can basically. So I can reduce my churn. So I can like, make sure you get to the outcome they want as opposed to just the output they want.
Carlo Scaglia: Okay, so it's like, source people faster, so that you can do more projects.
Bob Moesta: That's right. Sourcing people faster is like the solution. And then you're gonna tell them how, how you source people differently. And that's gonna be your unique competitive position, because other people can't source that way. And so it's like, Oh, if I can actually do that and reduce my sourcing time! Oh, I can do more for sure.
Carlo Scaglia: Hmm, okay. Now that yeah, that clears up a lot. Thank you. That's super useful.
Bob Moesta: Yup, cool.
Chloe Lannert: That's fine!
Bob Moesta: Thank you.
Carlo Scaglia: Thanks.
Chloe Lannert: Alright, brio! You're up next.
Jake Gutstein: Top with like.
Chloe Lannert: Oh, yeah.
Jake Gutstein: Spew.
Bob Moesta: Jake, I can't hear you. Can you please.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Your your voice is faint. It's like the volume input is low.
Bob Moesta: Have an hour right?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There we go. You're good.
Bob Moesta: Hey, Jake.
Jake Gutstein: Hey! Man!
Jake Gutstein: So a couple of things one is, I would talk to May about this honest budgeting conversation because they deal with it, and it materializes with their customer as well. So I think that you guys actually may be able to trade notes there. The other is.
Jake Gutstein: if I was hearing you right. The the nature of the conversation was also about what to do. Once the customer engages with you
Jake Gutstein: is that like a piece of this, Carla.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah, because the customers engage with us when they when they have an immediate need. Right? So they're like, Oh, I gotta do this campaign and need people. And they're like, Okay, cool, but actually could have used us for a whole lot of work beforehand.
Jake Gutstein: So okay, so you're getting them to the point where they're paying you. And I think that's great. To Bob's point, the context that they're in is going to change post use once they're able to say yes more than they're saying no, or they're experiencing this ease. Bob, I'm curious your thoughts, should they be having conversations? If you have enough paid customers? Should you have conversations about purchases that your customers have made after engaging with you, as it relates to the area that you're trying to solve, because that might be the next most prominent.
Jake Gutstein: prominent struggle that they're dealing with.
Carlo Scaglia: With me, or with other suppliers.
Jake Gutstein: With somebody else.
Bob Moesta: I? Yeah, I would. I would actually do what I call churn interviews around. Why, they left other a agencies.
Jake Gutstein: Hmm.
Bob Moesta: And get the. And so the thing is is, there's always a surface level of that story. Oh, my God! It was a horrible project. It was bad like it was. Everything was off times like, Okay, let's slow it down and tell me what really happened. And when did they know that this was going off the rails.
Bob Moesta: because all of that information is be very important to you. Basically start to tell them the subtleties of this is where you know it's going off the rails before they do, because you're actually giving them hints of here's what here's the. Here's the underlying causes of getting it to go off the rails. And then here's how we actually keep it on the rails.
Bob Moesta: And so it's the aspect of being able to understand like, so when they switch to you, you've got to actually can. Sometimes you got to convince them that that they have a problem that they don't, that they just like. So in in many industries, people just assume this is the way it is.
Bob Moesta: And the fact is, so if you can actually start to articulate like, you know, everybody has a bad project once in a while. It's like, Yeah, you don't need to stand for this anymore. Here's why.
Bob Moesta: But I would actually do a set of churn interviews, of, of, to be honest, of your competitors. What? When? So when people come to you, they left somebody else. Why did they leave somebody else
Bob Moesta: cause? That's why they're gonna leave you, too.
Carlo Scaglia: It's just what to ask if it's rhetorical. If you want me to answer it.
Bob Moesta: You can answer it if you want.
Carlo Scaglia: Very cool. Well, in the it's because our habits around content consumption change in the past. You're watching these big, long ads on TV. And that's how agencies were built. Now we changed to much more social 1st fast consumption, a lot more content, and agencies are stuck in those old ways, so they can't keep up with the demand, and brands are like, no, we need this much faster at a different price
Carlo Scaglia: ago. That's quality.
Bob Moesta: So this is. This is sometimes stating the obvious, but it's the. It's the notion of putting together 3 or 4 things that they haven't put together before. So it's kind of like, look, this has gone down. This is what's happened. This is the other thing that happened. And when you put those 3 things together, you get this problem. And they're like, Oh, man, we live. That problem.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: Right? So that that's what you want to be able to kind of piece together.
Carlo Scaglia: Okay. Nice. Thanks.
Bob Moesta: Yep.
Carlo Scaglia: Thanks, Jake. Those are good points, too.
Jake Gutstein: Yeah, no, for sure. I I think, like, Bob, when you're saying, explain the problem better than they can articulate. What you're hinting at is when you have these conversations on repeat. It's all causal, like something's gonna happen as a result of exactly what happened right before it. So it's just pattern recognition in the language of the people that you're talking to, so that when you turn around and talk to the next group of people, you're just essentially repeat you. They don't even realize, they repeat exactly what they're thinking.
Bob Moesta: So this is where this is, where, for example, in demand side sales. I I don't know is that the one they're reading? I don't know if that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes, they all read it.
Bob Moesta: So so, my thing. This is where at some point it's like you know. Tell me, tell me about your last worst agency experience, and they'll start it, and then you go. Hold on a second. Let's see if I can finish it, and you can literally play the causation out of saying, Oh, then this happened, and this happened, and they're like, how do you know that? How do you know that these things happened? And the reality is like it's because there's a pattern in it, and you'll be able to see it. And when they see you know that it's better than they do, that's when they're going to start listening.
Carlo Scaglia: Okay. Nice. Cool.
Bob Moesta: Because they really don't have a solution in mind. They don't know what to do right.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah, yeah, exactly. And.
Bob Moesta: So and so. So the moment you know the problem they're going to assume, you've got a better solution than anybody else, because nobody's been able to articulate the problem that well.
Bob Moesta: and and you want to articulate the problem in both social, emotional, and functional ways. So it's not just. Oh, we were late and we were over budget. It's like, I almost lost my job. And you know, at some point everybody was standing around, and you know, it's like like the the real kind of like the the real experience of kind of going through that that bad project.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah, I also read the competing against Locke, and it was a cool, cool chat around those 3 3 teams.
Bob Moesta: Yep.
Bob Moesta: Cool.
Chloe Lannert: Alright!
Bob Moesta: Thank you.
Carlo Scaglia: Thank you. Thank you both.
Bob Moesta: Chloe, whose name.
Chloe Lannert: Next we've got brio here.
Alex Nativelle: Hey, Bob, how you doing.
Bob Moesta: Hey! How are you?
Alex Nativelle: Hey? My name's Alex. I'm the co-founder, and CEO of Brio. We've heard so much about you, so I was eager to to meet you. It's it's nice to have you here.
Alex Nativelle: Thank you.
Alex Nativelle: So Brio is an AI powered interview coach to prepare and assess critical conversations, starting with job interviews. So it's basically helping you prepare for job interviews. And we sell to higher ed institutions, universities. We have now 10 paying customers and 50 K of AR. And in France you can probably tell, maybe, from the accent. And we're looking into us expansion.
Alex Nativelle: So our learning questions for those jobs to be done. Where? Why do some buyers buy right away and other takes a lot more time, and how to better sell to them, pinpoint the problem and understand whether us. Institutions work the same way as.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah. So this is, this is where it's, it's tricky, because you're actually selling to universities. But consumption happens by the students.
Alex Nativelle: Exactly.
Bob Moesta: And so and so the question is, are the students paying for this? Or is this free to the con? To them?
Bob Moesta: It's free for the students that's in my in my world, that's a problem.
Bob Moesta: Free is free is a problem, because what happens is, is
Bob Moesta: anybody. Their expectations for free are very low.
Bob Moesta: And so what happens is is, the fact is, is, even even though you're offering it free, and it seems like it should be free. The fact is, is, if I so, for example, like what we did at Base Camp, one of the things we realized is that $39 a month, and and this was back in 2,010 and 11.
Bob Moesta: People didn't believe they could run their entire business on the product at $39 a month. And so what happened is is we end up taking the price up to $99 a month, and you'd think that we would lose people.
Bob Moesta: But what actually happened is we actually grew. We grew almost 22%, because of all those people who didn't want to pay didn't think it was actually good enough. And so part of this is, this is where it's somehow I would think about how you have. You might actually offer the the
Bob Moesta: the university to pay, and then figure out a way in which you can actually think about getting the students committed to doing it. Because if it's free, it's kind of like they they don't. They just don't value like, I believe that free is one of those things. That's a very. It's like 0. It's a very dangerous number.
Bob Moesta: right? And a minimum of charging them. $5 will actually have more commitment to them or $2, or I don't know a couple of euros just to basically make sure that they're in on it. And you can donate that money back to the school and do whatever you want. But the fact is, by having some commitment from them, will be really, really important in this.
Alex Nativelle: So we would charge both the universities and the students.
Bob Moesta: Well, you say so. Here's the thing is what I would say to the university is like, look, you have a bunch of free tools and that. And people don't use them.
Bob Moesta: And they're gonna say, Yes, I'm like, okay. So here's the thing is is one of the reasons why they don't use them is because they don't have any commitment to it. The reality is, if we can get commitment, even if it's a small commitment of $2, and we'll refund the $2 back to you or we'll we'll donate this money towards the career counseling center or whatever it is. But the reality is is by you charging them just a little bit more. The fact is, all of a sudden they're gonna have a different
Bob Moesta: they they'll have a different level of you. My belief is you'll see usage go up by 50% at least.
Bob Moesta: Right? This is where everybody says they don't want to pay, but the reality is is when they don't pay, they don't value.
Bob Moesta: And so the other part is is, there's 3 3 currencies I talk about.
Bob Moesta: One is money right?
Bob Moesta: And if there is no money involved so like in volunteering situations, there's no money involved, then time is the currency. How much time are they going to put in for what outcome?
Bob Moesta: Right? And the last one is knowledge. If they have knowledge, they'll actually do something. So I spend time and money to get knowledge. I actually use my knowledge and time to make money
Bob Moesta: right? So it's that that triangle of money, time, and knowledge is what you're really trying to get them to figure out how to do.
Alex Nativelle: Oh, okay,
Alex Nativelle: One of the critics, you know, like, when we did the job, one of the things why, they bought the this tool. The universities and the carrier centers.
Bob Moesta: Why the university bought the tool.
Alex Nativelle: Exactly is because they have a bad reputation. They've seen us not productive, not innovative. And they want to offer technical solutions. And you know innovative solutions to their students.
Bob Moesta: And I think what to do, what.
Alex Nativelle: To train them for job interviews to help them get jobs.
Bob Moesta: So is it? So? The thing is is what I would tell you if the rep, if it's a reputational problem, that's a different buy than actually, if I need to actually get more people play like, I want to go from 92% placement to 97% placement
Bob Moesta: like, is that what they want, or they just want? They just don't want to look bad.
Alex Nativelle: I. So I try to push them. And I think it's more they don't want to look bad.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah. And and the thing is they want, they. They are focused on placement, and they are focused on maximizing placement. At the same time they know that there are many, many aspects that go into placement, and it's very difficult to move the needle or conclusively, and to
Alex Nativelle: to be to be kind of rewarded personally for it, or to feel that they've had an impact. So although they report and they communicate a lot about the the fact that placement is really important, including in the marketing materials, etc. In practice they are trying to. They they value tools that give them very specific things about things that they've done that are obviously going to help with placement
Alex Nativelle: like, Hey, 10 people did an interview. That's a very concrete tool.
Alex Nativelle: And so that's that's the the.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah.
Alex Nativelle: Reason why the the issue there.
Bob Moesta: This is. This is why I have the. What I would tell you is, it's not.
Bob Moesta: I would say
Bob Moesta: I I wanna I want to give you my opinion about this, because I have some experience in it, and I'm not sure I don't want to discourage you about it, but like trying to sell to universities is really really hard.
Bob Moesta: like like. The fact is, is, these are people which which is very strange. But but so I do a lot of work in higher Ed, and you start to realize that they act like they have no money.
Bob Moesta: Yet they're literally charging students outrageous amounts of money
Bob Moesta: right? And so they're gonna try to negotiate with you to make this thing as small as possible, because it's for the good of the students. But the reality is, they're not willing to pay you enough money to actually make it work
Bob Moesta: right. The thing that you have to realize is you have to actually make sure this helps the student make progress
Bob Moesta: right? Because if it doesn't help the student make progress, they'll buy it. And say, we have this new technology coming in. Here's what it is, but if nobody uses it, it's still gonna go away.
Bob Moesta: And so you've got to make sure that this is so, my to me. My 1st priority is not to sell more universities. It's to increase consumption at the university by the students before I scale, because if I scale before that. I'm then stuck, having to revamp every every university I've added until I realize how to crack the code on getting students to do it.
Alex Nativelle: And for that, having a price for the students will increase.
Bob Moesta: I I would start to experiment in that area. My my experience says that if if I do it for free, or I ask other people to do it. The fact is, like, like.
Bob Moesta: like Basecamp Base camp. One of the things we had at Base Camp is we had a free Demo. They could. Actually, they could literally have a demo for 30 days like so they could load whatever. But the limitation of 30 days
Bob Moesta: made people never actually load basecamp to be big enough to see if it worked for them or not.
Bob Moesta: And so what we end up doing is creating what we call base camp personal, which is, you get one project for life, and we want you to actually plan a wedding plan, a vacation plan, a you know, a kitchen remodel, whatever it is in your life, but plan one whole real project in it, and it literally quadrupled
Bob Moesta: conversions.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: Right and so.
Alex Nativelle: It's this.
Bob Moesta: Notion of getting them to do use the product in a way that helps them get better at interviews. And so it's like making sure that there's some way they they're actually going to use it. Because my belief is, these students have a thousand tools they have access to. They don't know how to navigate any one of them, and they have some somebody on the other side who says, Oh, just go to this web page, and here's all the things we can help you with, but they have no idea how to source it. They have no idea how to do it like it's it's like just a series of tools, right?
Alex Nativelle: Yeah. And the communication is, you know, blocked by the school kind of like, the school doesn't communicate right with the students. So there's different. So what I'm thinking, hearing you is, we could, because the students are already complaining about how much the school pay. So if you say, Oh, you give me a tool, but I need to pay again. So what I was thinking was, Can you can we say like an interview is probably $10, and because you have your school is gonna be 5 for you.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah, something like that. Yeah, yeah, you have to be creative around how you're gonna do it. But what I'm telling you is if they're not willing to actually put either money or time into it. The reality is is like, it's they're just not gonna do it.
Bob Moesta: And so the university can buy. See, this is this is where I I talk about where people can buy something, but they don't consume it. You will be fired.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, yeah.
Bob Moesta: Consumption is the student part of this, and I believe the harder part is not selling universities, though that is hard. I think the harder part is getting the the students to use it in the right time and space when they're ready to go for like, do they finally see the tool when they have had a really shitty interview.
Alex Nativelle: Right.
Bob Moesta: And so now they'll value it even more. And so it's like, Well, do you actually set them up to say like, Go do an interview, and then let's talk about it. And then, when you talk about like, all right, here's the things we can do to make it better. But if you try to do it before they do an interview, they're going to go. I know that. I know that I know that, and the reality is they don't.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah.
Alex Nativelle: I get it.
Bob Moesta: I know, Jake, do you have anything to add, or or
Jake Gutstein: I love the idea of money, time, and knowledge as a triangle, and I understand that that is an ancillary to this conversation. But I'm definitely taking away, because something also, when you exchange money to save time.
Jake Gutstein: Yes.
Bob Moesta: That was like the previous one. I'm willing. I'm willing, to spend money to save time and sourcing like that makes lots of sense.
Alex Nativelle: In some of the sorry.
Bob Moesta: So my my thing is is that the the other part is, is.
Bob Moesta: have you talked to students, and where they struggle around interviewing? Do you know where their struggling moments are in interviewing.
Alex Nativelle: Yes, we started with the universities, but we've also doing like the we've target the super users of Brio, who've done like more than 7 interviews on Brio. Recently, we had. People do like 40 interviews on there, and the pain points are around. Stress is a big, big factor of people wanting to rehearse as much as possible, and then competitiveness of
Alex Nativelle: interviews like are those like very high positions and with big salaries? If so, I feel that I'm not prepared enough, right? If this is a job that I feel I'm interviewing with, like juniors and stuff like that, I'm like, yeah, I could probably vibe it. But if I'm you know, in an investment banking interview or consulting interview, I know I really need to prepare. And so now I'm stressed and I need to go into.
Bob Moesta: Got it.
Bob Moesta: So there's certain categories of interviews you want like, do you have? Do you have it broken down by categories like, here's how you do a financial interview. Here's your how you do a soft engineering interview. Here's it like for you, broken that way.
Alex Nativelle: That's what we're starting to do. Yeah.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah, I spotted.
Alex Nativelle: To do this.
Bob Moesta: By the way, they might be different processes.
Alex Nativelle: Yes.
Bob Moesta: Right. So so the way I study and prepare for a financial investment banking job is different than how I would study and prepare and practice. For a for example, a consulting job.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, thank, you.
Bob Moesta: Is that that you're finding that as well.
Alex Nativelle: Yes, yes, and you know, being very process specific is what gives us credibility as well.
Bob Moesta: So. So the other thing I will tell you, and this is more so. I wrote a I wrote a book about this. I don't know if you've seen it. Have you seen the book? Job moves.
Alex Nativelle: Yes, yes, we have.
Alex Nativelle: That's your latest.
Bob Moesta: Oh, that's my latest. So here's the thing is is, my thing is is, I think this product is equally as important, and people trying to find a new job in the real, the real world part.
Bob Moesta: So there's actually a a value added, because think of it! Most people work for 3 to 5 years in one place, and then they lose their all the skills and all the knowledge of what interviewing is like, and they got to relearn it again.
Bob Moesta: and they have all the same anxieties when they're going to interview about all the same things. And so do you actually have a a university version. But do you also have a direct to consumer version for basically people interviewing for their next job?
Alex Nativelle: We don't have a direct to consumer product yet, but we've partnered with an executive coaching firm. So we have coach people who are like out of executive jobs and like a 1 year coaching program looking for other jobs. So we.
Alex Nativelle: I think if you.
Alex Nativelle: we said that we would 1st have Bob Booster as advisor, and then we would kick, start the G. 2 C. Offering.
Bob Moesta: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: so this is, this is the hard part is, I think the fact is, is, the university is probably where you can add the most value, because they're almost the most naive.
Bob Moesta: But the fact is, is, the people who will value it more are like the 28 year old who's literally been at a startup for 5 years and wanting to go somewhere else, and has no idea how to interview for the next job.
Alex Nativelle: Yes.
Bob Moesta: And so my thing is is and it's not. It's not a like, my belief is there's lots of places you can advertise and and like we, we've, we started just doing some Facebook ads, and we were generally able to generate a lot of a lot of
Bob Moesta: just people willing to sign up and talk to us about it. And we learned basically the channel of how people are going towards navigating their their their career change or career move
Bob Moesta: right? So so I I think the universe like, I don't want to discourage you on the university side. I think that it's there. But from a bigger business model perspective, I think there's there's way more people who want to change jobs and don't know how. And interviewing is a big part of that. The other part is figuring out like where they want to go and what they want to do. But the you know, that last part of getting to the interview part that scares more people like it's almost like it's too hard to change jobs that I'm just going to stay here for another year.
Bob Moesta: and my belief is there's way more people wanting to switch jobs, but they don't know how. And that's kind of like, how like, that's how we came to writing the book.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, so we 100% agree.
antoinecarriere: And started with. That is because we also think that it's a lot more difficult to crack that that piece. It's a big opportunity. But it's also going to be a lot more difficult to crack.
Bob Moesta: So yeah, I I do agree with that. I think I think the hard part to crack. There is the marketing and the the the go to market strategy part of it. But I think the fact is, you you might actually just start testing in that space and recruiting people to help in that space because they're gonna actually have a better feedback than the students, because the students will have no feedback at all. Besides, it was too hard or too long, or like they're just
Bob Moesta: they're not as engaged where, like somebody who's 28 to 30 trying to find that job, they're in man. They're they're they're gonna spend the time.
antoinecarriere: Yeah. And and that's that's that for us. It brings the question of how much investment should we
antoinecarriere: make into fighting that battle of engagement with the students.
Bob Moesta: Yes.
antoinecarriere: As opposed to something that is in the back of our mind. That is you. You find them there, you. You put a hook on the students at the University.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, will they keep.
antoinecarriere: And then, and then, as they leave, they become an alumna, and they get their 1st year free, etc. And then we do some sort of a Hey, let's do the end of year, your end of your self preview, etc, etc, and how to how to stay in touch
antoinecarriere: sufficiently kind of thoughtfully to to be top of mind, but not too often, because again, there's.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah.
antoinecarriere: Yes, problems you don't have. We're talking about a lifetime. Probably. I mean, we're talking about here.
Bob Moesta: Yep.
antoinecarriere: Between the first, st the the 1st the 1st hook, and and at you, as you said at some point, there's kind of some crisis that is going to happen when the 1st job kind of just didn't
antoinecarriere: they? They realize that this is not. This is not the the end. There's the next step going on. So so again, we we very, very. We buy a lot of what you're what you're saying. And in terms of. That's the difficulty is how to get them how to. And so right now, what we're saying is, we go at you the university level, because
antoinecarriere: that's that's kind of a formative part of their journey and and and maybe it's our acquisition mechanism just to kind of start tracking them as they find their their 1st job, and then but what you're saying is a different.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. So so I I get that. So so now, the so really one of the big assumptions or the big things you have to prove out is that like, you can actually keep people's attention after they've gotten their 1st job. Because if you can't get that.
Bob Moesta: then you've got a completely different model. And you're you're counting on kind of recurring purchases. And what I what I what I've found in the space is that that is true. Once they find a way that works for them, they do remember it, and they do come back. But you have to make sure that it's easy enough for them to remember, and they know how to get there.
Jake Gutstein: Yeah, so.
Bob Moesta: I I think that's that. So it's almost like you can. You can almost get
Bob Moesta: trial through the university. But the reality is is eventually the university is not. The university is not going to actually help you get it used. They're just gonna offer it to them. You still have to sell it to the student, and that's going to be the challenging part.
antoinecarriere: Yep.
antoinecarriere: And and maybe it's a different thing that we need to sell to the students. as we. Because to your point, we're talking about something that is so infrequent in the in the lifetime.
antoinecarriere: 1 1 thing. And again, I I think at this point the problem is where it's a lot of ideation and brainstorming and very difficult to. But things we need to to test. It's around like
antoinecarriere: Today. Free news is garbage news and paid news. People don't pay for paid news, and so there might be there might be something there in terms of kind of some sort of of paid package of of news or expertise, or like the equivalent of your of your magazine subscription.
Bob Moesta: Yep, yep. The other thing that I've I've learned is so for example, I did this with language labs, I built a language lab software that basically helps people learn foreign languages right? And so what what I did is I went to foreign language teachers in high school and in colleges and basically said, Look, I'm trying to design the language lab of the future. Would you be willing to sit down and talk to me about it? And then, when I'm done, I'm gonna give you a report.
Bob Moesta: And so out of this is like, How do you give a report like as you hear all these things. And you, you hear all these different jobs. How do you actually tell the university of the jobs that the students have? So you actually help them figure out kind of what's the portfolio products they need. And it's already you. And they can't replicate it. They're not. Gonna they're they're really not gonna use it that much. But they they just keep pushing you as you're a leader of how you're trying to build engagement where they're just literally trying to
Bob Moesta: send out another email. And let's put it on a banner and a flyer. And like all these crazy things that don't work. And so part of it is to figure out kind of like, how do you actually help the universities look better about buying these things?
antoinecarriere: Yeah. That's a very good point.
Bob Moesta: The the real thing to me, though, is that I I would be
Bob Moesta: personally, I would be afraid to getting like going from 10 universities to 100 universities, and that I don't have enough knowledge of how to actually convert the students. And so now I have a hundred universities, and nobody's using the product.
Bob Moesta: I'd rather stay with the 10 Universities a little bit longer. Figure out how to make sure I got engagement and then go find go from 10 to 100.
antoinecarriere: Yeah, I think I think that's.
Alex Nativelle: It's clearly a consideration on our end.
Alex Nativelle: I think it's not 10. It's more like 30 cheers.
Alex Nativelle: because it's it's kind of we're we're breakeven. We're good.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah.
Alex Nativelle: Point. If the churn is high, better have 30 than 300.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's right. Well, and and but the reality is like, you wanna learn the right things because it if you go to a hundred that you then have to change. If you find out new ways to do stuff, you have to, then go change all 100 customers, and that's really.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This conversation because Bob has disproportionate domain expertise on this subject matter.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Given the.
Alex Nativelle: Go to click on it.
Bob Moesta: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We do have to make room for some of the other companies and stuff up now, though so.
Bob Moesta: And and it's a clear, struggling moment in the market. I think the the part of the the issue is the structural problem of universities and students. Because, again, how is it actually work? And it's the the real value is convoluted between the University buying it and giving it to the students as opposed to the students buying it and actually using it. So just I would think hard about that that angle of it, because
Bob Moesta: it's it's an easy way to get revenue, but because it's easier to sell the universities and individual students. But the reality is like it's harder to convert.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, thank you so much, Bob.
Bob Moesta: Yup. Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, harvest is up, and then May, you're on deck.
Ankur Toshniwal: Bob nice to meet you.
Bob Moesta: Hey! How are you?
Ankur Toshniwal: My name's ankur and so yeah, we're building harvest harvest powers, platforms with web and document data using no code. We reduce 7 h of web research and data entry to 15 min. While providing analysts with the precision and accuracy accuracy, they need to deliver high quality insights to their own customers. We have 2 annual subscriptions and one monthly subscription right now.
Bob Moesta: Okay.
Ankur Toshniwal: Our learning questions before jobs was what types of companies are impacted the most by inaccurate and incomplete data entry and web research outcomes.
Ankur Toshniwal: We wanted to know how much companies are currently paying analysts or web scraping software today to do this work. Are there net new unlocks that happen when you massively drive down the cost so that they can do things they they couldn't before. Are there internal organization structures of large orgs that do data entry that we can either replace or massively scale up.
Bob Moesta: Okay. And what did you find? What have you found to date?
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah. So we we.
Ankur Toshniwal: So some, some of the core core synthesis is
Ankur Toshniwal: from the analyst perspective is, I need to reduce the time I spend doing web research for individual customers, so I can onboard more. So it's a time time saving thing they need to do.
Bob Moesta: The difference between analysis and onboarding.
Ankur Toshniwal: Onboarding analysis is I see. So onboarding is being able to do a particular set of
Ankur Toshniwal: I mean onboarding is for, like the customers that are coming to their particular platform.
Ankur Toshniwal: So the same, I guess. But you're not gonna do analysis on random things. You're only gonna do it on the ones that you're trying to either sell.
Bob Moesta: And and is so is onboarding, basically playing out the research that you did. So there's a difference between me going off and doing the research. And then there's okay. I gotta go play it off to these 15 different companies.
Ankur Toshniwal: Correct. Yeah, like, I need to do the research. That's for my own insight. No, that's this is a different use case. They actually need to put this or deploy this in front of their customers, and that's where the stakes are much higher.
Bob Moesta: Yep. And this is I mean, I've so I've done this for several different kind of research and consulting firms. So I I know exact. I think I know exactly what you're talking about. And and who buys this.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. So
Bob Moesta: the analyst, the analysts don't buy this, do do they? It's it's the. It's the manager of the analysts.
Ankur Toshniwal: Usually. Yeah, it's like a coo Coo CEO. Sometimes. At small teams. It's it's a CEO, but usually a CEO, sometimes at hedge funds, more technical companies. It could be a head of data or head of head of yeah, data.
Bob Moesta: And what, what, what, what metric are they trying to in influence when they buy this.
Ankur Toshniwal: So for them for yeah, there's 2 different
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah, there's there's different different levels. Have different metrics. Right?
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah. So ultimately, they're trying to reduce. They're trying to spend less money on contractors, analysts and data engineers.
Bob Moesta: Okay.
Ankur Toshniwal: Product operational. They want to reduce their costs so they can become profitable as fast as possible in that particular sector of the business.
Bob Moesta: Got it. And and ultimately they don't really make money while they're doing the analysis. They make money while they're doing the onboarding. And so ultimately, we wanna the ratio of analysis to onboarding has to change dramatically.
Ankur Toshniwal: Correct correct. There's a second part, which is, after that happens. They need to continuously provide customers with an insights edge, otherwise turn.
Bob Moesta: Yes, there's an onboard. There's a continuous kind of scheduled part of it, too, is like, if
Bob Moesta: what what does it mean to have an inside edge.
Ankur Toshniwal: Basically go deeper into into particular sectors, companies people, and provide particular. You know, if it could be contact information or insights that other AI tools, other products don't have access to or aren't surfacing at the right time to the customer.
Bob Moesta: Got it? And and are they
Bob Moesta: that you still have, like a a person managing the relationship between the research and the and the
Bob Moesta: and the the onboarding. And this isn't completely automated. Where there's no, there's no analyst, or there's no human in in between. It's just
Bob Moesta: providing human tool or providing AI tools to a human, so they can do more clients, and they can spend less time on analysis.
Ankur Toshniwal: Correct, correct and a lot of that is because, again, this is maybe more less of the jobs to be done, but more of the paranoia that we've understood about. These, these, our users and analysts is they have tried AI tools and have gotten bit really bad by.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah.
Ankur Toshniwal: Bad links, bad content. So they don't trust them huge, you know. Then they have to do it manually. So yeah.
Bob Moesta: And and and ultimately they've burned. So what's the what's the test you provide to them to show them that yours works and and chat? Gpt doesn't.
Ankur Toshniwal: We would often just do it side by side.
Bob Moesta: And that's that's enough for for the. And how much is this service.
Ankur Toshniwal: It's a thousand dollars. Well, $30 a month for kind of consumers what we call like kind of that's the readily self serve. We generally are charging a thousand plus contracts for annual subscriptions. To be honest, we're gonna be going much higher. We're probably gonna going into 5,000 range as within this month.
Bob Moesta: Got it? And and are you gonna grandfather, your your
Bob Moesta: existing clients in? Or how are you gonna handle that.
Ankur Toshniwal: Usage based. So there's no the A after you go to hit the $1,000 cap anything you spend over that will is we charge percent per credit percent. Basically, there's a token system. And so you know that we don't need to do anything for them if they use it above the $1,000. There that's built in.
Bob Moesta: So one of one of the things to think about on the pricing there is
Bob Moesta: when you start to do it as a token.
Bob Moesta: Most of these people are trying to budget and plan like cash flow and everything else. And so when I don't know how many tokens I'm using, this becomes a real big pain point later, because it's like, Oh, I thought it was gonna cost a thousand a month, and it's cost me 14,000 a month. And so all of a sudden, it's not really cheaper. I'm getting better information. But I'm actually it's not cheaper anymore. Right?
Bob Moesta: Yup. And so.
Ankur Toshniwal: We've actually talked about outcome based pricing.
Bob Moesta: Yep.
Ankur Toshniwal: Help! Help us! Help us understand what? Not even like. The price point itself. But what is the name of that outcome, like? What is the unit.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah. So that that's so, that's where I was trying to get to is the is the metric is like, you know, analysis hours over basically.
Bob Moesta: what? What did you call it?
Bob Moesta: onboarding hours right? Like I if I can. Swift switch significantly swift the switch, the ratio of kind of those hours. That's that's a big metric to them.
Bob Moesta: right? But if they actually end up doing now that they're not doing, they could do what they did before, and you know, in 50, in 8 h and 15 min. But now they're doing, you know, for 4 h and going way deeper and doing way more things. And ultimately you're not helping them because the margins don't actually add up that way. Then.
Bob Moesta: right.
Ankur Toshniwal: If they're yeah, unless they're doing more.
Bob Moesta: Well, if they're doing more and charging more. But a lot of times they're not be able to charge more. They just trying to provide more insights, because the way their contract is written is different. Right?
Ankur Toshniwal: Right, right, yeah.
Bob Moesta: So it's like we're gonna provide you 5, you know, for 6, 6 reports a year. Here's what they look like. Here's what's going on. But all of a sudden, if now it's now I've got, I've got more information. It makes it harder. There's like a whole bunch of complications around it.
Ankur Toshniwal: So it's not necessarily about the number of reports that's actually not pretty.
Bob Moesta: No, I I don't. I don't think that's that's the because I believe that. The fact is is that that
Bob Moesta: it it might be the cost per report.
Bob Moesta: right? That might be one of the metrics they have, or the time to produce, a report that might be another metric that they're interested in. And so ultimately, where does scale come from from? Their perspective is, if I can actually do you know, more reports faster. And I can. I can actually spend less money in producing those reports than the fact is, you know, that's a win win for both of us. But if you just make it the number of reports. It's like, okay, you're growing. They're growing. They don't really know the
Bob Moesta: the thing that you're changing, which is, you're changing the fundamentals of where they spend their time.
Ankur Toshniwal: And then
Ankur Toshniwal: I one thing that we have been also kind of interested in and and trying to figure out if it's even worth trying to sell, or even worth trying to have. The conversation about is the net new opportunity that we get some inbound we get inbound for, but we struggle to be able to. I guess. Monetize because people come in with like a lot of aspiration sometimes, hey? I'll be able to do that.
Bob Moesta: Unrealistic expectations. Yeah, yeah.
Ankur Toshniwal: I track these particular trends. I want to do this. I want to do this, but then we ask them, are you doing this now
Ankur Toshniwal: they'll say no, and we.
Bob Moesta: That's right.
Ankur Toshniwal: Why and you know, it's like, Oh.
Bob Moesta: Too much money don't have enough. People don't like. So this is where this is, where I would tell you that that's kind of the risk that I kind of feel about this, which is
Bob Moesta: like if I'm not doing it already. So what you're doing is you're enabling people who couldn't do research before to do research.
Bob Moesta: That actually is a bigger market than trying to actually just help an analyst be better
Bob Moesta: right? Think of how many people want to do better research. But just don't have access to it.
Bob Moesta: Andrew, you're thinking, or you're I don't know what's going on there.
Andrew Fernandes: Yeah, yeah, so we we tried this with, with Vc analysts. As an example, Vc associates to help them do better pricing analysis, competitive analysis. What we found is
Andrew Fernandes: that for a lot of them they were already doing it without going that deep, and they didn't feel compelled to need to go that deep. Maybe it's just that we're going after the wrong profile in Vc.
Andrew Fernandes: Maybe consulting firm. We've we've spoken a little bit to consulting firms.
Bob Moesta: This is the yeah. So this is the difference between Tam and basically the the truly addressable market tam, which is the total addressable market is like. Like these people have analysts, they should be able to buy your product. This is what it is. But the reality is they're not struggling. If they're not struggling, they don't want your product.
Ankur Toshniwal: Right? Which is, which is why we actually shifted away from that. And when?
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, yeah, where does it.
Bob Moesta: Users yet, but but the but the point is is that they struggle with something
Bob Moesta: so they might not struggle with that set of analysis, they might struggle with some other sets of analysis, and so, instead of asking them and showing them what you have, start by, start those calls with what are the top 3 things that you're struggling with in research that if you could solve would fundamentally change your business
Bob Moesta: because and and to be honest, that's I call that. That's what I call a good question, because it's all of a sudden you're connecting some dots for them to go like I struggle with this. But if I solve that, does it really make the needle move? And you start to realize that they really have to think about it deeper, and they appreciate the question because nobody's asked them that question.
Bob Moesta: And then what you do is then you then you figure out from their situation how your product fits into their situation.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, yeah, I think for the ones that we have done this with it, it often is just like, it's just not like they? They have some.
Ankur Toshniwal: They're they're looking for, like, you know, like, yeah, pitch book. Yeah, it is an interesting one. Alright cool. We'll we'll.
Bob Moesta: So.
Ankur Toshniwal: Too much.
Bob Moesta: There's 2 parts of this right, or really 3 parts. One part is, can you provide them a new set of data that helps them actually do what they need to do right? So it's not they. They've got their own research, but they don't have time to do this other stuff, and you can literally supplement my data. So my reports are either easier, more comprehensive, whatever right
Bob Moesta: the other one is, can you actually take the workload off of them
Bob Moesta: right? And then the other one is, where where do I want to do research? But I can't, because I just don't have the the resources to do it.
Bob Moesta: I think those are the 3 big areas where I where where I try to focus when I'm talking to people who have analysts.
Bob Moesta: Gotcha. And and this is th. These are. And and the hard part is everybody's experimenting with AI. So you're just. You're in the midst of the noise, and and most people are failing like miserably at this. And so they kind of go like, Yeah, it's not for me, because we can't figure it out.
Bob Moesta: And so what you need is you need a case, study or 2 to show
Bob Moesta: about how it's not only changed like what what you deliver to them, but how the relationships have changed with the agency and their customers.
Ankur Toshniwal: Hmm.
Bob Moesta: Right?
Bob Moesta: Yeah, cause you can talk about what you did to basically make it cheaper or easier or faster. But the reality is like that. That's not necessarily because everybody says that it's like, what did you do to actually help us have a better relationship with our current set of clients or help us grow our client, base.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, no, this. This makes a lot of sense.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And and that last piece, that advice that Bob just shared is true for almost all of you. By the way, that's not just for harvest like that. What he just said, I think from a case study standpoint, I think many of you are in that same situation.
Ankur Toshniwal: Fundamentally being. How did this change? Not like time savings, but how did we massively scale up our business or change the way our our customers view us right like, how do they view us?
Jake Gutstein: All right here.
Bob Moesta: That's that's really what that that will actually grab their attention more than anything else. I think.
Jake Gutstein: Is where like Bob?
Jake Gutstein: but like like Bob, will talk about like outcome, outcome versus output. Right? And if you're talking about analyst hours to onboarding hours. It's a great output, like it is something that speaks directly to them. But, like.
Jake Gutstein: what does this actually mean for me lately is going to be the outcome. It's going to just spell out the story.
Bob Moesta: It makes us more profitable makes us grow at a certain rate. It makes us a, you know, a better thing for the research. It increases our speed to market. But what are those things.
Jake Gutstein: Right, we'll do it for you. We can quantify how we'll do it for you, and we've done it for these people in these 2 ways.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: Alright. Thank you. Guys both appreciate it. Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You've been harvested. Now let's let's talk. Let's talk cars. This is this is the good one, Bob. This is the this, the spicy one I prepped you for. What's up? Viv?
Bob Moesta: Got it.
Vivian: Hi, Bob, it's really great to meet you.
Bob Moesta: How are you?
Bob Moesta: Thank you. Very.
Vivian: So make sense. We're making auto easy. It is an in dealership sales enablement tool that helps salespeople sell more cars faster. We match customers to the right vehicles in their inventory, and we bring new salespeople from 0 to effective in their 1st month. Yeah.
Vivian: So we have 2 paying dealerships, but I'm firing one as a client and the one that is staying with us. They are actually looking to push it to the rest of their auto group, and we have a date set for that meeting.
Bob Moesta: Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Vivian.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: if I were to ask, can you also introduce yourself, like to give a little bit of background, and why you're doing this business. This is. This is a bit of a you guys know what I'm doing here, both of you.
Vivian: So my name is Vivian. I'm CEO of May. My background's in automotive. I consulted 80 dealerships for General Motors. I was their dealer rep. And then I went to work at a tech startup as their head of marketing to help myself understand how to build startup. But I started this business because the women in my life were asking me which cars they should buy, and they were making uninformed decisions.
Vivian: and I ultimately walked them through the process. They ended up buying cars under my supervision with the tools that I'd given them. They ended up buying more brands, sorry brands that they weren't considering, and that was really cool as an oem girl. So I automated that process and then we met. Japnet built it, switched to b 2 b last year.
Bob Moesta: Love it? And why dealers? Why not direct.
Vivian: We went direct. We were, we did. Everything was organic that went really well. We never connected it to inventory at that point, but we just realized it was hard to build that traction without marketing money.
Bob Moesta: Got it. Okay? And so part of this is, and what what happens if I have a dealer that only has, like one brand.
Vivian: So it's this right now, the products in store. Only so custom. We're not bringing them new customers. The customers already in store.
Bob Moesta: Got it. Okay, got it.
Bob Moesta: And and I'll alright. So we we both know we, we're doing something in this. I'm doing something in this area, right?
Bob Moesta: And so like, I I know way too much. So I I'm just gonna I'm how do I say? I'm gonna make sure that I don't reveal any of our trade secrets, but at the same time I'll provide you like any direct answers to questions, and I'll probably elaborate a little. But I'm not gonna elaborate too much, because I have a competitive business to this. Just so, you know.
Vivian: Yes.
Bob Moesta: Got it. But I want to help. And I and I like competition. So I just want to make sure that it's like you understand like I want to. I want I want you to succeed, because if you succeed I'll succeed, because this is a wide, open business, wide open especially, I'll say, on the female side. They have no idea about cars and they don't really care and they just they don't want to be sold right.
Bob Moesta: so so it's it's it's a very interesting, and the the number of people who want a new car but don't know how to get it is massive.
Bob Moesta: It's it's in the neighborhood of 5 to 10 million people.
Bob Moesta: So got it. So what are you struggling with? What are the what are the jobs you have.
Vivian: So we went out there to ask or to learn about whether we were actually solving the right problems. I have obviously a lot of information about this. But we wanna make sure that the problem that was does the problem match what we think we're solving with our current product. And then, because we have so many different stakeholders, how do we provide value to each
Vivian: holders? Which ones are more important? What are they motivated by, and how do we show value without tying our current performance to cars sold right now.
Bob Moesta: Got it? Who's who are you selling to.
Vivian: We sell to the Gms.
Bob Moesta: The GM, okay.
Vivian: But our end users are the salespeople.
Bob Moesta: Yup, and what do what are they? What will they stop using
Bob Moesta: if if you're if you're really successful, what can they cut out of their portfolio of tools. They have.
Vivian: Their crms.
Bob Moesta: Entire. Crm.
Vivian: We could get there. But right now, what we're replacing is either paper guest sheets or their manual process of just remembering information questions.
Bob Moesta: Got it. Yep, you're you're just better than nothing, because they really don't have anything besides, like you said, paper. Right? Okay.
Bob Moesta: all right, and and so you sell it in the dealers. How do the salespeople take it.
Vivian: Sales, people that are newer. So 3 years and under are, take it well, especially the brand new ones. They're all young. Gen. Z. They prefer technology over paper, anyway.
Bob Moesta: Yup. They don't want to talk to people, they they they'd rather just interact. And if you can actually send somebody send a lead through your system, and it comes back out and says, Here's the car they want. Let's go for a test drive. They're like, this is awesome.
Vivian: Yeah.
Vivian: it's. And and also like part of our jobs. What we learned was they need to pivot in the conversation because they uncover more about their jobs what the customers hiring this vehicle for. And when that happens, the salesperson needs to be able to pivot, and they don't because they're just order taking.
Bob Moesta: That's right. That's exactly right. Yep.
Bob Moesta: okay. And so, how? So have you built the process to do that?
Bob Moesta: Yes. So.
Vivian: So we have
Vivian: our system right now what we've done. We've taken surface level things. So we ask them what their challenges are. It's the salespeople are not following the process. They're not asking the right questions, and they're they're not putting the right information into the Crm.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah, that's the that's the that's the that's the GM talking about their salespeople going like these people. They they're not following our process. They don't have enough training. They're not doing what it is. Everybody has their own approach, everybody documents their own way. Our Crm is shit because there's no data in it.
Bob Moesta: something like that.
Vivian: Yeah, it was actually through jobs that we were able to take all of those things and get to a deeper level to understand. It's not just about asking the questions about, did they actually get to the right budget to the right use case?
Bob Moesta: Exactly. Did you get to the box right.
Vivian: Exactly so now it's kind of changed, the diff like the framework on how we build our product moving forward. But I think that the challenges that we're facing is because the process is so not linear. And we're trying to build a product to help salespeople assist their customers, make progress at every single stage of those 6 stages of buying that makes a little bit confusing for us. The tools intended to help those customers see their options, make the trade offs those decisions. So at the end of the day the dealerships only care if they're
Vivian: they're selling more cars. That's their biggest pain point. And the sales process is part of that. And I'm trying to understand, how do we take our jobs, learnings and reframe selling more cars into something that we can actually align with right now without over promising things that we can't control.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. So let me think about this.
Bob Moesta: So one thing is, is is
Bob Moesta: like. So the way we've started to talk about it is. What's the turnover in the salesforce.
Bob Moesta: Because turnover is one of those things that really cost them a ton of money. And ultimately, how do we actually, how do we get new people up to speed faster. And how do we get people to stay longer?
Bob Moesta: So instead of instead of just making about sales, make it about all the headaches they have around. So like, if you ask them, how often do they have a meeting about sales and the their approach to sales? They'll gonna tell you every month they have a meeting on this.
Bob Moesta: and they have a bunch of tools. They have all these other like other lead generating tools, all these things, but like nobody's using any of them well, and how it works right? And so to me, I would try to figure out some surrogate things besides just almost like lead measures. The lag measure is, how many cars did you sell? But if I've got people staying longer and building skills, and actually, you know, and doing better, making more money. Then then
Bob Moesta: they're going to sell more cars.
Bob Moesta: And so the the other thing is is, I might I might actually focus on newer salespeople, because at some point in time there they are a different breed, and it's like almost like you can. You can you can hone and shape them where the people have been there for 20 years, like the likelihood that you can convince them to use. The tool is probably just a little bit above 0.
Vivian: Yeah, that's exactly what we found was the way we originally tested this pilot. We found that we were able to new help. A new salesperson sell their 1st car on the 1st day of using our product, and he actually sold 8 cars in his 1st month. So the second store, what we had done was they had 8 salespeople, and they were hiring another 7, another batch of 3 more. So we launched this as like, this is their process for the store. There is no paper guest sheet. This is what they're using, and that's where we saw the lift.
Bob Moesta: That's right. And so and so part of it is, is.
Bob Moesta: are you? Let's see how equipped are you for the for the onboarding and training part of this process like, because this is the what's interesting to me about this business is that you can build the software. But the harder part here is selling it and and installing it. It's not actually making the software. This is in most cases making the software is usually the harder part.
Bob Moesta: That's not the case here, because the the process is so broken. It's it's literally a training and a and a and a and a selling problem more than it is a technical process problem
Bob Moesta: if that makes sense. So how are you guys addressing that.
Vivian: So sticking really close to the salespeople. We do weekly check-ins. I go into the store. I do debriefs with all the sales people. I've done lunch and learns at each one of the stores on more than one occasion, just to go over the product. And I found that the way that it has worked is when I can use real world examples other than that. Like it has been hard. It's taken us like 5 different times 3 different ways each time to be able to explain it to them.
Bob Moesta: So one of one of the things I would suggest is that
Bob Moesta: so like I did. I had a a company that sold countertops right, and I sold them to Home Depot. I sold them into Lowe's. I sold them into kitchen and bath stores, and ultimately I ended up working on the weekends, basically at a home depot for over 2 months
Bob Moesta: to get all that data, because I could see, like one of the biggest problems for them was how they quoted a countertop, and we made it 10 times easier to actually quote the countertop which made our sales go from 500,000 to 20 million in 18 months.
Bob Moesta: and it wasn't about we had a better product. It was just. We made it easier for the people who were managing the process to make it easier for them.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. So my thing is, is you selling cars? You going to a dealer or go to use car dealer, and and literally use your tool and let everybody see how you're doing with it. But you're using it to get more stories, so you can tell people how it works.
Vivian: Right.
Bob Moesta: And and again, you don't have to do it for 2 months, but I would say, do it for for a while. Is there a licensing thing you have to do to sell cars.
Vivian: Yes, there is. But I went in for 10 days, and I was the concierge person I can park for, and I made everybody go through the platform before I hand it off to the salesperson.
Bob Moesta: Yeah.
Vivian: Yeah.
Vivian: but that's that's so. Everything you said like that makes sense. I I think one of the the challenges right now is making sure that we show the right vehicles, not from our perspective, but from the dealerships and their profitability perspective. So that actually means that we need to stick even closer to the managers.
Bob Moesta: Oh, yeah.
Vivian: And review. If it makes sense.
Bob Moesta: So this is where I would, I would tell you so. I I have a different approach.
Bob Moesta: I really don't give a shit about the dealers
Bob Moesta: I want to find and get the customers to have the best car they can, and if it's not at that dealer I'm going to move them to another dealer.
Bob Moesta: Because if I make this just a dealer tool, I'm stuck with the most limited inventory, and people want to find the best car, and they don't know what the brands are at all.
Bob Moesta: Right. Most people don't know what a difference between a Buick and a Chevy and a Toyota, and like they just know I want that car. And so part of this is. And so you see the knowledge of cars going down. And so my thing is is the more like the the bigger dealers you can have where they have a diversity of inventory will be way. Better
Bob Moesta: acceptance than just trying to sell for for a chevy dealer.
Vivian: Yeah, absolutely.
Bob Moesta: And so and so my thing is is I we're choosing to to pivot or to focus on the customer and helping the customer do it, because if we help the customer the dealers will come, but if I help the dealer, the customers don't necessarily come.
Bob Moesta: Does that make sense.
Vivian: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: It's a little bit different approach. But that's we. We kind of looked at both ways, and and we felt it's ultimately, if we can actually become the thing to help people make decisions around cars. We can go to boats, and we can go to all these other places to help people do that
Bob Moesta: right? So it's but but knowing how to ask the discussion, how to how to ask those questions and how to actually connect the trick really is connecting the vehicle data to the outcomes they want.
Vivian: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: Right? Yeah. So that's.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I hope I can keep you all connected, Bob, if you're.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think like for me, I you know you know me. I started at the 1st coding school, so naturally I like had to work with all of my.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Competitors, and we had to help each other. So for me, it feels like a very playful and like opportunistic.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I connection, that's right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: And I think we're taking some somewhat little bit different approaches, though we both see the problem kind of the same way. And and again. It might be about lining to dealers, but I live in Detroit. I grew up in the automotive business, and I hate the business. I'm actually doing this to destroy the business
Bob Moesta: cause. I think dealers, basically, dealers are not actually adding the value they should be adding, and they're actually causing more friction in the system out of anything, and people would much rather buy a car with a lot a lot less of all these systems that they have. And ultimately, there's it's very hard to do so. And so I want to try to free the consumer to actually buy the car they want as opposed to them, finding the car that they'll settle for.
Jake Gutstein: in in the world of May today, Bob, there's something that you had said that given if they're gonna exist in the dealer space. I wanted to pull out and see what you meant by our salespeople, leaving understanding what the journey towards somebody leaving in, and what that process of onboarding looks like, which sounds like you guys have spent a bit of time understanding. But just from job moves, I could assume that when a dealer, or when a salesperson leaves a dealership, they've probably been thinking about it for 6 to 12 months.
Jake Gutstein: maybe even without realizing it. And so trying to intercede in the moments when they're like this job sucks so bad that I could leave it before they realize that they're even thinking about leaving it. And that could come from interviews, from people who have recently switched dealerships.
Bob Moesta: Yep, that that would be useful.
Vivian: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: I I think the other thing is, I like, I like the fact that you're focusing on the dealers because I think
Bob Moesta: but like you said you, you're gonna start serving up the cars that are make the most money for the dealer, and I want to try to figure out how to serve up the cars that best fit the customer and and understand the trade-offs they have to make to get it.
Bob Moesta: It's true.
Vivian: Product is what's right for the customer. And we're and like, for, as you would expect, they're wondering how they can sell one vehicle over the other, because they're they're paying too much on interest for it. So.
Bob Moesta: And and ultimately the interesting part is, the customer wants to make trade-offs, but they don't get to make them. The dealer just tells them what they have to. They say you can do this one, or you can do that one. And it's like it's not giving them the trade offs that they want.
Bob Moesta: So it's a great, it's it's it's a very big market. There's a lot of cars being so. There's over 50 million cars transacted. I think this is also very big in the used market, where, like, I can buy a like a brand new honda civic, or I can buy A. A.
Bob Moesta: You know, a 3 year old. Bmw. 3 series, right? And most people don't compare the 2 because they don't know how to. And ultimately that's the thing that they're they're trying to figure out is like, Do I want a new car, or am I willing to have a an older car with a few miles, but it's actually a much better car.
Vivian: Yes, that's right.
Bob Moesta: So you're on the right track.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And I will, I will make sure you all connected after this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yep, good alright. So.
Vivian: The money.
Bob Moesta: Please. Thank you.
Bob Moesta: Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Legalize. You're up. And then just just see, I know I'll post the the remaining pecking order, and I'm gonna aggressively manage the time from here on out, because we're gonna have about 8 min per company. And hopefully it it. What's the appetite? And I'm gonna be fairly aggressive, and I'll call out 1 min warnings, okay.
Bob Moesta: Got it legally. Hey, Chris? Hey, Mark!
Chris Wong: Bob. Nice to meet you, Jake. Good to see you, too. Yeah, Bob, I was actually watching your Lenny's Newsletter video last night at one am. So it was cool background you have there same one, anyway. I'll go into it. So my name is Chris co-founder and CEO of legalese. We're saving law firms time by streamlining their billing process. And we're doing that by building AI powered legal time tracker and invoice generator that tracks what they do on their computer.
Chris Wong: And then it helps generate narratives for their invoices. We just we're building a prototype right now. We have about 2 early commits for customers so really starting, just starting out the race here. I was a startup lawyer before at Cooley big law firm. And so that's kind of like this culmination of like the pain point.
Chris Wong: So for us, our learning questions one of them is, you know, is time tracking, invoicing, or both kind of the pain points for small solo and small law firms. That's kind of where we're targeting our our initial like customer base, which is solo small law firms, startup lawyers and then also fractional. Gcs, so that's 1. The other one is
Chris Wong: How do we penetrate solo law firms and move up to bigger firms over over at each step. Because we right now experience pain with starting out with kind of the bigger law firms of trying to like, penetrate their 1st
Chris Wong: and then you know it kind of along the same lines of like what the right pain point is is like, what's the number of features that we should be able to.
Bob Moesta: Yeah.
Chris Wong: Complete product for these small firms. Yeah.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, that's that's that's a tough one, like it's almost like, like you wanna add a bunch of features. But like they're just happy to have like 5 of the 20 features, and they're willing to pay the same amount for 5 features or 20 features. How do we actually figure out the the minimum that actually makes it all work.
Chris Wong: That's right.
Bob Moesta: So. So this is a tough. Again, I I have relative things. So I'm sorry. But I just this is a tough one to me, because
Bob Moesta: all of this is overhead.
Bob Moesta: Right? And so part of this is is they wanna like to get a 10 x like they're willing to invest in overhead as long as they can actually make sure that they have a significant amount of savings. And what I mean by that is like a a 40, 50, 70, 90% savings and cost.
Bob Moesta: And so building. The case is very, very difficult, because think of it as like. Think about the last time, and a law firm actually changed its. It's accounting system or changed its. It's document management system like they don't really want to do any of that ever.
Chris Wong: Right. It is a painful process.
Bob Moesta: It's a painful process. Nobody wants to do it, and yet people still do it every day. And so part of it is getting into understand. So so this is where, for example, I I would go into the smaller firms and actually understand the smaller firms who actually bought finally bought a system
Bob Moesta: they went from using. Excel or Google sheets or like, my belief is your biggest competitors, Google sheets and and Google Google Docs, right? And so ultimately is. When is it to the point where they want to, you know, basically have a formalized system.
Bob Moesta: And it might be that they want to cut overhead. It might be that they just want to actually look more professional.
Bob Moesta: Right. And so part of this is actually so. This is, this is the interesting part is when when people you know like you start to realize like they? When do people get a real headshot? It's like when they have when they started their business, and they finally realize, like, I can't use a photo from a wedding
Bob Moesta: right? And so it's that kind of notion of like, how do we actually understand the moments where people really run into enough problems. And typically so I did. I did something similar with Ryan Singer from Base camp where we
Bob Moesta: we looked at this notion of helping people do invoicing like. When do people decide that they can't invoice from word or excel, or sheets or docs like? That's almost how everybody's initial invoicing system works. And then what happens is you start to realize they end up having some problems like an invoice gets lost. And then they got to figure out where it was, and it's not connected to the payables, and there's no, there's no running cash flow kind of. So it's not connected to the system, and eventually they don't buy an invoicing
Bob Moesta: solution. They buy a new accounting, they buy quickbooks and quickbooks, has it in it.
Bob Moesta: and so part of it is to realize is like, will they actually switch out the time tracking system? Or is the time tracking system part of some bigger system they have? And that's where the threshold of my belief is, there's like
Bob Moesta: like like, there's sap. And and you know the big Erp people. My belief is in the law firm business. There are people who have the integrated system for the big law firm. And ultimately, how do you actually figure out the right way to that? It's the people who are too small for the big systems.
Bob Moesta: but big enough to basically figure out kind of like what like, they need some new system of some sort right? And so it goes back to. Are they buying piecemeal solutions, or are they buying kind of combined solutions to kind of get them to that next level?
Chris Wong: Yeah, and through our jobs to be done. So far, we've realized that the pain point occurs when they either increase from 2 to 3 clients and going upwards, or it's they're spending 2 to 3 h every month on an invoice. And they realize that's when they position out of word. And so that's kind of like the thing that we've started to discover. And there are other tools outside of quickbooks like Zoho, fresh.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. Yeah. Yep.
Chris Wong: That also do this same kind of solution that they use these general solutions just to fit their kind of bill in order to get that.
Bob Moesta: Sharepoint. They'll build a sharepoint site. They'll do like all these crazy, crazy things. Yep.
Chris Wong: Yeah, but all that kind of re like resonates to kind of what you mentioned and so we're really like one of the things that we're trying to solve for is like, when's the right time to reach out to them when they fix when they face these problems and like, when's the right time to kind of like find these? And this is mainly within the solo fractional Gcs, and like.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah.
Chris Wong: But when you get up to like the smaller ones what we, what we have found is that they are looking for something a little bit more, where the time timekeeping becomes more of a pain point than the invoicing actually.
Chris Wong: Need to be able to track their work. Yeah.
Bob Moesta: They want to do both. It's kind of like I can give you
Bob Moesta: email system. But if I don't give you a new calendar system. It's like it doesn't work, because all my, all my calendar invites come via email. And if the 2 are connected like that's really hard to manage. And so you start to realize, like, you can't build an email service without a without a calendar service. Right? And so that's what we really have to be able to look at is what what are the combined services? And and ultimately, what's what's so? The way I would describe it? What's the half step that they have to take
Bob Moesta: to to show progress that they're getting there. But they're not buying the big system yet, so like as a company I helped back in the early 2,01020, 11 called intercom. And and their whole thing was is that they they really end up building a product. That kind of did a lot of a lot of little things well, but didn't do them like spectacularly. But they competed against Hubspot and Zendesk and all these big competitors. But the reality is, was like the the firms were never big enough
Bob Moesta: to like be able to afford Hubspot or Zendesk, and so what would happen is they'd go there and say, All right, we're gonna make it easy for you to transition. So it's all these startups that basically don't have quite enough money, but need these systems, and they buy it. And then what happens is they get so adopted to the system that they never transition to anybody else's system.
Chris Wong: Right.
Bob Moesta: And so and so the aspect here is is now they're they're they're they're almost 15 years old, and they've got they. They got a valuation about 3.5 billion.
Chris Wong: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: Right, and and at some point in time Zendesk and Hubspot never saw them as a competitor ever, because they always looked at them and said, like, you know, these are just small time guys. And now they're almost as big as they are.
Chris Wong: Yeah, yeah, I like how you said, it's like the half step like, what do we need to accomplish within that? Get them and then get the clients that you have, have them sticky, and build.
Bob Moesta: I I think you're a nightmare, for you would be getting a big client who wants to custom, make their own system. And then all of a sudden, like, you're stuck trying to build this really high end system. And you're really actually building a low end system. For basically, you know, people who are in between right and they
Bob Moesta: and and a lot of lawyers. They they end up going to a big firm, but almost all of them in their in their older age, all end up in a smaller, sole proprietorship unless they're a partner. And so you end up realizing like there's a lot of. There's a lot of these people who are lawyers. They're good lawyers, but they don't know technology. They don't know the system. And if you can actually help them kind of start their own practice and have the right practice around it. You'll you'll win for sure.
Chris Wong: Cool.
Chris Wong: Got it? Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All right, gents, we we've hit our time hopefully.
Bob Moesta: I went to.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That was great, that was great.
Mark Wong: Thank you. Bob.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright, optifab! Let's do it.
Paria: Yes, Hi, Bobby, nice to meet you. I'm paria from. Thank you. I'm paria from Optifab. I'm city of Optifab.
Paria: So Esmael, who is our CEO is currently in the like going to attend to a exhibition or trade show tomorrow, so he's not able to attend today. So but I'll be here and we'll talk about optifab and J. 2 Pd, that we have so far. So basically, at optifab, you know, optipub enables part manufacturers avoid a costing mistake by giving them the confidence to get it right at the 1st time.
Paria: So we have spoken with over 50 companies around and currently launching almost 3 pilots.
Paria: So our learning question here is like, even with the like, the tools that they are already using. Where do experienced manufacturers are still struggling with the like, reducing failures, delays, and the extra cost that they are facing in the manufacturing cycles. So screening criteria for us is like we are focusing on the manufacturers from different sectors, aerospace like energy automotive. And anymore that we have.
Paria: And we are working who, I mean the manufacturers that they are trying to use the tools like simulation tools, or like incision, monitoring tools, or like the design of experiment tools, etc. So the number of interviews that we did, as I said, like we talked more than like 50 companies around. We participated.
Bob Moesta: How big and small were these companies?
Paria: I'm sorry.
Bob Moesta: How big or small were these companies?
Paria: So the class you can.
Bob Moesta: Tool and die shops are these small tool and die shops? Are they.
Paria: It's not just like that, you know. 1st of all, our entry point to the market is like 3D printers, or like id manufacturing companies, you know. So, and the best customer for us is the Oems, who are like kind of building the main 3D printing machines right? If we can integrate our software to their machines. That's the best way that we can capture the market for us.
Bob Moesta: But it's very tricky for us, because they don't want, you know, they're like
Bob Moesta: they don't want 3rd party in. They want to control all of that.
Paria: Exactly. That's the big problem there. So, but from the like, the interviews or jobs that we kind of implemented so far, we got this pattern that the tool that we are developing is somehow is really needed.
Paria: But it's really hard to kind of acquire appropriate trust from the like different manufacturers that they can at least get a trial for the from the software that we are developing and also giving to give us some feedback how we can further develop the like different features that we have in the software.
Paria: So yeah, the.
Bob Moesta: What's the what's the main? Sorry I don't want to interrupt, but we we give limited time. What's the main struggling moment that they have that kind of cue them to go like we gotta do something different.
Paria: The production speed as well as the amount of base that they have.
Paria: So the waste of the metal, like the waste of the manufacturing is quite high, and the speed of the production is not the things that you are expecting. Imagine they want to like manufacture a part. It takes almost 15 days, and in the like, in the middle of like day 10, they see that the part is failed, so they have to again rerun the whole process to make it right? Right? So this is something that they struggle with, that they are looking for a solution that they can fix it.
Paria: And so that's that's the biggest struggle which we have.
Bob Moesta: How much of the problem is is.
Bob Moesta: So I grew up in the space. So I know the space very, very well.
Bob Moesta: Nice, and like my experiences is when I when I'm a design engineer and I bring my product
Bob Moesta: to the, to the manufacturing people. All they do is complain about my design.
Bob Moesta: and then, when when the design doesn't work, the fact is, I blame the manufacturer, and and when the design doesn't work, the manufacturer blames the designer. And so you end up with these things where people point at each other. And they're like, Yeah, it's not my problem. I did what I supposed to do right. And so how? How do you kind of overcome that? Because at some point at least, my experience in this in this realm is, there's a lot of talk. There's a lot of finger pointing, and there's very little action.
Paria: That's a very good point. And actually, this is something that we we always seen this type of experience from the like in the manufacturing field. Right? So what we are addressing with this product that we are developing, we are covering the whole workflow from the design, manufacturing and the post manufacturing which is happening. So the solution that we coming here is saying that no matter what type of design you have.
Paria: So we are saying, we're gonna say to you how you have to kind of what type of like processing condition you have to apply during your manufacturing system that you don't. Your your part will not fail, and you don't need to go for the like later for the post manufacturing, which is costly for you. We are trying to cut the post manufacturer manufacturing processes, as well as the concerns that which may arise during the design. So.
Bob Moesta: So so
Bob Moesta: most most of them do this like they. They've been living through this for years like this is not like this is not a new problem for them. This is something they've been doing.
Bob Moesta: as far as I can say, almost 40 years like this is not, and they usually have.
Bob Moesta: you know. Sorry I'm gonna say it the wrong way, but like a guy or a person who like they're they're the ones who kind of come in and save the day.
Bob Moesta: Right? So you're really competing against the expert.
Paria: Yes, we are. I mean, you know. What about what we are hearing right now? I was like it was a couple of days ago I was talking to one of the oems and saying that, yeah, we are doing this. And we just want to, you know, get your feedback. Try this software in your systems and get us feedback. Give us feedback feedback. So then, but the question, the main question from their side was, so we do have a very big software companies in the like design side.
Bob Moesta: Good.
Paria: I'm not making this. Why, you think that you can make, and they can't make so. And we had an answer for that question. So we know what we are doing, because we know that, like the expertise of like metallurgy, metallurgical background, is coming to the play here, adding, like new features, making a competence in the production. But the competitors that we have there, so it makes us a little like hard for us to proceed. I mean.
Bob Moesta: So this is where.
Bob Moesta: like how to say, some industries like don't like to buy piecemeal solutions right? Because at some point one of the things that happens to them. When when their system doesn't work right, they blame one software company, another company blames the other software company and they still don't know how it works. And so the the phrase that has come up is that they want one throat to choke
Bob Moesta: right when they have a problem. And so when there's 2 of you, the reality is, they don't know who to choke. They don't know who to go for the problem solving. They don't know what else is gonna happen. And so part of it is as much as you offer an opportunity to them. You offer a lot of risk to them. Because now the data is going outside the system, it's going somewhere else. It's going into somebody. Think like what other problems can happen. Because we're adding this software layer on top of it.
Bob Moesta: So my my thing would be is is the only people who would be really willing to buy. This is when the software they have is not that good?
Bob Moesta: They they can't afford to buy an upgrade to the next system. And ultimately they want to be able to actually kind of fix this problem, but they don't trust the current vendor to actually do any of it.
Paria: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: Right.
Paria: It's much better.
Bob Moesta: And that, and that's where that's where you can fit into that that niche. And then ultimately, my belief is you can start to add more and more features to get bigger and bigger and bigger. But the fact is, is, you you've got to be able to almost like think about the other thing I would think about is a network of
Bob Moesta: consultants that actually can utilize your software and can license it from you and go plug it in and use. So almost like software and consultants or a service network behind it will actually probably help you as well.
Paria: That's a great point. Yeah, that's a very point. Yeah, I think that's a i mean, we know that we have competitors. And we know that we're there stages. But and we know what is our value proposition here in our product. But our approach is like trying to kind of as I said, like we have 3 pilots right.
Bob Moesta: There we go!
Paria: Approach them. They are mainly from the Academia side universities, 2 from Germany and one from Canada here. And then we are just trying to develop cases just to showcase the capabilities of the software here, and to do the marketing by this way.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, are they paying for the pilots, or are they free pilots?
Bob Moesta: I mean, I wouldn't say like they're free because they are kind of manufacturing the parts and sharing the data through the manufacturing with us. But we don't charge them.
Bob Moesta: So this is this is a free trial for them.
Paria: It's a kind of free trial, but the we don't pay.
Bob Moesta: But you need it. I I'm not. I'm not like you heard my diatribe on free, but I think sometimes you have to do free to get the to get the stories. But the fact is, is, it's really hard to get people committed when they're not paying. And so my belief is as you try to build these case studies like here. I'll tell you my experience when I offered what I do for free
Bob Moesta: so I could get a case study. I never got a case study
Bob Moesta: when I offered. Basically here, it's a hundred $1,000 full price. I'm gonna give you a discount to 25,000 and a case study. So if you don't want to do the case, study, you owe me 75,000, then I can get it done
Bob Moesta: right, because without them paying something they don't, it's hard for them to value. And so all of a sudden, when other priorities come up, you get pushed to the side.
Bob Moesta: Something to think about.
Paria: Yeah, thank you so much, Bob, for sharing your chats with me. Thank you.
Bob Moesta: Yep, thanks.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All right. Let's go.
Anthony De Silva: Hey, guys.
Bob Moesta: How are you?
Anthony De Silva: Hey? Doing? Well, very nice to meet you.
Bob Moesta: Nice to meet you.
Anthony De Silva: Thanks for your time. I'm the founder of. Really we are a company that's consolidating home inspections and appraisals into a single process. We provide home inspections. We collect 400 plus data points on a property. And then we leverage that data for appraisals.
Anthony De Silva: We eliminate the need for on-site appraisers so that we can help speed the process of closing. And we're able to close on transactions up to 3 weeks sooner.
Anthony De Silva: that's the idea. So we we wanted to. We. We wanted to find out the struggling PIN points of realtors when we went went to speak with them. Our hypothesis was that, you know, speed would be valuable to realtors in these transactions, but the the key themes that we found out were inconsistencies in home inspections like lack of standardization.
Bob Moesta: There's no standardized. There's no standards around the home inspection. There's no, it's a it's a very cottagey industry. There's no big companies usually in it. There's a lot of little companies, because it's a very low barriers to entry.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And just like 2 2 reports, all for the same property would be would be completely different. And
Anthony De Silva: then, also, like we we. So we also spoke to buyers. In addition to realtors, our criteria was to go speak with people who had used our services or were a key decision maker. So buyers on the buyers, and they also brought up like a consistency. But the lack of next steps. One comment was that, hey? If I go to a mechanic they will tell me what's wrong with it, but also like they'll give me a cost to and tell me like this is. This is how much it's gonna cost.
Bob Moesta: Yep. Yep.
Anthony De Silva: So that was missing and then on the realtor side, the like, the lack of communication updates. If if they don't attend or like the progress.
Bob Moesta: And and the home inspector is like
Bob Moesta: like the the appraisal people are by the mortgage people. So the appraisal side is actually not even through the network of that of the of the of the of the appraisers. But, like, I can see how the data coming together is going to be useful, but it's like.
Bob Moesta: can you? Can you? Can you?
Bob Moesta: Can. You talk to the appraisers and understand what they struggle with and what and how you might be able to help them with a different data set, because my my belief is again, most most appraisers are very old school as well. I I've just had my house appraised, because I'm doing some construction, and it's like, you know, the guy had a had a camera from the nineties in it, you know it didn't even use his phone. He goes. It's just much easier to do it this way. I'm like, Oh, my God! Like it's just.
Bob Moesta: But I like I. I feel like the appraisers and the and the inspector. The home inspectors are like, though they're
Bob Moesta: they're both part of the process. They're very disconnected. People.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, yeah, it is. And our our process to completely cut out. Cut out the appraiser. So we want to collect data for the appraisal during the home inspection. Like, there is like specific guidelines from Fannie Mae that yep, that that.
Bob Moesta: So I. So I built homes from 2,004 to 2,008. So.
Anthony De Silva: You've done everything.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. Well, Hi, it's crazy like this is why I'm like, Neil. Did you pick this on my portfolio, or what?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's what I'm doing.
Bob Moesta: But but the reality is is as you as you start to look at that business. The fact is, is like, I I think there's actually
Bob Moesta: there, there's a there's a there's actually I I would try to make the case that buyers would love to be able to understand. Like, if I'm buying this property, I want you to do basically 2 things. Tell me what? Tell me what's wrong with it.
Bob Moesta: Tell me what I need to do to to fix it. So you help me with as a negotiating tool.
Bob Moesta: and then talk about like, if I want a new kitchen, or I want to do this, help me appraise what all those things are, so I can see what my total package is going into it as opposed to like. All right. We'll buy the house, and then we'll just fix it up along the way. The other part is is to actually connect yourself with home warranty, because I think that'll help people buy home warranties more.
Bob Moesta: and so think of it as being the buy. The buyer's agent on the technical side of the sale where the real estate agent is kind of like the person who's gonna help you shop.
Bob Moesta: But they're not the. They're not the software engineer telling you how it works right?
Bob Moesta: And so can you actually kind of think about partnering with with realtors. But to add this service as a way in which to kind of get the get the real data. They need to make a better decision because most of the time people are making offers before they know anything about the house. So if you can actually have a have a way to get an appraisal for a home inspection to the to that house
Bob Moesta: without having to send an expect like, or to at least then connect it to the appraiser. Say like, how much can I get a loan for like that will help them all make those decisions.
Anthony De Silva: So so you're saying like, pre listing like inspections and and.
Bob Moesta: Or or or basically make deal. So the way that I would think about it is, can I actually give the realtor a commission? For basically, if they if they hire me for I don't know, I'm making it up. $500 to offer up basically a thorough report on that house. What is it worth? Based on kind of the appraisal business? And then what are the improvements they need to make? So when I go in, I'm like, yeah, I need 20,000 off this. And I need 3,000 off that. And here's what we're going to do. And here's the price like, give them the
Bob Moesta: fuel they need to actually manage the negotiations of it as opposed to trying to like, you know? I think trying to cut the appraiser out is like the appraiser, is more connected to the mortgage than the real estate deal.
Anthony De Silva: Yes. So the value that we provide to the lender is that appraisal waiver. So like we, we send some of this data back to Fannie Mae directly like when we inspect, and if the property is in good condition, then they give you an appraisal, waiver so like the.
Bob Moesta: So you can get an appraisal. Waiver.
Anthony De Silva: Yep. Yep.
Bob Moesta: The real question is is, but but if they're getting a mortgage they still need appraisal to know what they can. So like. I have
Bob Moesta: somebody in my office who just bought a house, and they're worried that the house won't appraise for what they what they want to be able to get a mortgage for
Bob Moesta: right. And so, all of a sudden, it's like, Well, do I buy this house or not? Because I don't want to go into contract, and then I can't get a mortgage for it. So do I like. Where do I sit in terms of what is it really worth? Because I know how much mortgage I can get, but I don't know how much it's going to appraise for to know if I actually have to come up with more money or not.
Anthony De Silva: Right? Right? So at least like the product that we have now it's for, like Fannie Mae, already like, has an idea of like what the range value should be. So if it is within that range, they they're like they look at. Look at the property condition like data that we provide, and they give you an appraisal. Waiver
Bob Moesta: And how much is appraiser? How much is appraiser cost in the in the closing docs.
Anthony De Silva: 5, 500 to 600 versus our like waiver is 2 50.
Anthony De Silva: So.
Bob Moesta: So this is where you'd say, like, like we, we can get a. So the value proposition is, we can waive the appraisal basically because we're gonna do such a good inspection. And we're gonna connect it with Fannie Mae, that we're not only going to provide you the appraisal which you need for the closer we'll get you the waiver. But we're gonna give you a plan of what needs to be fixed and how it needs to be fixed, and how much it's gonna cost.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, yeah, that's the idea that the struggling piece of that is like connecting all of these. All of these, like the realtor, had like has to talk to the lender. The lender has to like, educate the buyer, like all of that is like, is the tough piece that we're kind of struggling with.
Bob Moesta: You've got to figure out. Where's the lead on that right is the realtor. The lead is the is, the is, the is the appraiser. The lead is the mortgage company, the lead? Who's the lead? That will actually kind of
Bob Moesta: make that? Have you had? Have you been able to get any sales at this point or no.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah one. So we've did. We've done one combined because we like got the Fannie Mae approval like only recently. But like we've done home inspections quite a bit.
Bob Moesta: Okay? And you've been able to. And are you throwing this all into an AI? Is that what you're how you're kind of throwing, consolidating this data set or not.
Anthony De Silva: No, there's like specific Fannie mae guidelines on like data to collect. And there's an app that we use to like. Collect that data.
Bob Moesta: How how much does that data really relate to the customer versus the bank.
Anthony De Silva: It's.
Bob Moesta: I mean, like, does it have power like there's there's there's like a whole bunch of.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, it's yeah. There's a lot of like detailed information about the property like, is there anything obstructing the view of the property like things like that, that
Anthony De Silva: it impact the value. There's no like opinion of value. There's like no value assigned to.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah, yeah, the property when we submit it. But it really.
Don Kuruppu: Real quick real quick. That hey, Bob, my name is John. I'm also another co-founder.
Bob Moesta: Hey! How are you?
Don Kuruppu: Yeah. In this report. There's there's also no property condition data. It's all visual. It's all a bunch of photos.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's not. It's not anything about the entire inside. And any of its it's is there inside stuff that has you have to go into? Go into the house.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, there's pictures of the pictures of the rooms
Don Kuruppu: There it is!
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, interior and exterior pictures.
Bob Moesta: So the the real estate can provide you. The agent can provide you the pictures. And is that enough for you to actually be able to write your home inspection.
Anthony De Silva: Not quite, because there's like we also need to like, scan the floor like, calculate the gross living area things like that, so that that I don't think like a regular realtor can do it unless, like people, the technology to do it eventually.
Bob Moesta: So this is. This is again where I would say is like, I think the
Bob Moesta: building. The product is the easy part of all of this right cracking the go to market strategy and figuring out who's the person that's going to be the influencer to help you along the way? And do you go to the realtors? Do you go to mortgage people? Do you go to direct to people looking right? How how do you find these people. How do you market to them? I think that, like all of them, are potentials. I just don't know how the economics work around any of them right.
Bob Moesta: And so part of is, you have to start to think about that model. Like again, I think I think the the data integration is valuable, but because the structure of the industry is so kind of modularized that that
Bob Moesta: no, it's almost like it doesn't feel like nobody. Nobody really needs everybody. Let's see, everybody needs each other to a certain extent, but they don't actually respect each other in any way.
Bob Moesta: Do you know what I mean? Like the realtor doesn't respect the mortgage person. The mortgage person doesn't respect the the realtor or the inspector. You know. There's like all these people who are involved, but they're like they all think they're they. My experience is, they all think they're better than each other. And so the fact is, there's no reason for them to collaborate besides the house, and just trying to get the house closed. So the notion of Hey, let me give you data to make your your job easier.
Bob Moesta: That's just not how they think right. And so I really, you have to think hard about, how do you go to market with this like I, again, I think getting the data figure out how to actually do something with the data is is important. But I think the reality is like who is going to value the data that's like, I know, I think the buyer is going to value it the most.
Bob Moesta: Right? Yeah.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, that's what we realized. Buyer like the lender and buyer. Yes, and then, like realtor, like, they just want to get the deal done. They don't, they don't. That's right.
Bob Moesta: Right. So to me and the lender. The lender has certain just real
Bob Moesta: like, they only need certain amounts to get to the appraiser right through the appraisal. And so the reality is like at some point.
Bob Moesta: like again, I would actually start to think about, how do you go? How do you figure out how to go direct to consumer in terms of like trying to buy a house, but need, you know, want a 3rd part? Want an independent view of kind of what's going on in an appraisal. We can do that for you. And so it's like having somebody in your court right? My belief is, most people don't feel like the realtors in their court, the realtors there to navigate the game
Bob Moesta: right?
Bob Moesta: And so it's a very different thing of like, who's gonna really help me with the data I need. So I can make this decision.
Anthony De Silva: Oh!
Bob Moesta: That's how I.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I love the empathy there, let's do it.
Bob Moesta: All right.
Anthony De Silva: Thank you, Bob. Thanks. Aman.
Bob Moesta: You alright. We got sales play.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Let's go, Meg.
Bob Moesta: Hey? Meg!
Meg Hall: Hi, how are you doing? Is you? I feel like you've been doing some mental gymnastics, trying to understand everybody's businesses.
Bob Moesta: Oh, this is by the way, this is the funnest part of my week right now like this is this I love. I do this every year for every every group. And I I feel like it's just all coming at me. And I'm just like I love. How much it makes me think so. It's it's wonderful.
Meg Hall: Okay, good. And I write, I've gotten some good insights just from what you've been telling the other people. I've definitely wrote down some good quotes. So.
Bob Moesta: So tell me a little about sales, play.
Meg Hall: Yeah, so our platforms for strategic sales. So if you think about selling like enterprise software to large companies, so we help the enterprise. Comp sales reps, break into either new markets or to their named account plans. Right? So if you want to sell into your dream list of customers, our platforms, the one for that. Right? So we have some pretty good comp. We have 6 figures of revenue, and we have some good customers like ringcentral
Meg Hall: smart communications and bassware. So some pretty big software companies and with ringcentral, they're our 1st public company customer, and they paid for us to make a new product right? And so what I wanted to do for jobs to be done was to basically research this new market and make sure that I build something that they would want right. And so this new product, basically, it's if you look at.
Meg Hall: you know, they have their product marketing team that's made all these materials? How do they spin it to create messaging for partners or for new right? So whether it be for like life sciences, things like that, they want to be able to spin up marketing and like go to market messaging really quickly. So that's the new product.
Meg Hall: So my screening criteria was we want to talk to managers who have paid money or hired somebody recently to make messaging and content for a new segment. Okay? And that needs to be a company with A, b 2 b sales team. Okay? So.
Bob Moesta: And just to make sure we got this. So they don't have the in-house capabilities to actually go do this. It's somebody that they say, all right, we're gonna go into this new market. Let's hire an expert to help us get into that new market and like, why did you choose them. What do they know? Why, why, this project, that kind of thing.
Meg Hall: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: That's a great! That's a great approach.
Meg Hall: Yeah, they'll typically already have like a product marketing team. That's like making stuff for like enterprise or for, like their big markets. And this is like they're gonna expand. And they have to make a hire to do that expansion because they do. Their existing team doesn't have capacity.
Bob Moesta: Yup. Okay. Got it?
Meg Hall: So what I want to know is like what kind of documents they want to create, most often like what drives them to pay for external content to be made and like, what does success look like? So I did. 6 companies interviewed for vmware oracle, taba, pay, ignite, and a bunch of different ones.
Bob Moesta: Yep.
Meg Hall: And I can tell you the 3 main buckets that I came up with. But.
Bob Moesta: 8 am.
Meg Hall: Did find like this very common, like buying pattern, which I can also.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. Yup.
Meg Hall: So the 3 buckets is one they've invested in a hiring like a new team to go after this new market. Right? Let's just imagine they're going after Emia, or they're going after you know, the life sciences, industry like they've they've hired the people. And all of a sudden the Cro kind of goes we, we got to support these people with some materials, because I want to make sure that, like we get the most out of that.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. So they've hired the salespeople, but they haven't hired all the marketing that they they all of a sudden realize they're they don't have. They're trying to use their old stuff in this new market, and it just doesn't work.
Meg Hall: Yeah. And so it's like an afterthought, they're like, Oh, crap! We gotta support these people with some more things, or they hired like they're gonna go after and to go to a conference something like that. So they've made some kind of an investment. And they have this freak out moment where they're like, we gotta support these people.
Bob Moesta: They all have it. By the way.
Bob Moesta: it's a very common thing where they they yes, so that I see the market already.
Meg Hall: Yup. So that's the number one. Number 2 is from the partner marketing team partner. Marketing already has budget. Right? So partner, marketing is expected to take the stuff from product marketing and then spin up new Co branded materials to be able to like promote if they've you know, if ignite partnered with Google. They gotta promote that partnership.
Bob Moesta: And and and partners are like distributors. They're like 3rd party installers there. There are other people who are part of the process that actually are connected with the the product.
Meg Hall: Correct. Yeah. So basically, both of them have the vision that they can take the other person's sales team and turn them into an army of sellers.
Meg Hall: And so it's like, okay, how do we activate those sellers? We make materials for them to go sell it? And then the 3rd use case is is like they have this, this feeling of like, they need deep domain expertise, which is where they'll typically hire like a product marketing person to go in there and like, do a lot of interviews, and try to add, like some industry vernacular, and really like T. Train the sales team. And so that's the other 3rd use case and I think
Meg Hall: that's okay. Let me just stop there. That's that's where I got so far. And then I can tell you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And we're halfway through time, so we gotta knock out in 4 min. The next point.
Bob Moesta: So give me the 3 again, just the high level. So like I'm trying to write.
Meg Hall: So we gotta support the sales team.
Bob Moesta: Yep. Yep.
Meg Hall: We have co- co-branded co-selling with partners.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah. And then the I need deeper domain expertise.
Meg Hall: Yep.
Bob Moesta: Do you have a preference of where to go first? st
Meg Hall: most of my connections are already with Number One. Right? It's the most natural one for us to. But I think my theory is that number 2 with the partner team? They're always hiring vendors. So like, if we look at Number one and number 3, they're gonna hire a a full time person most often if they don't go for hiring a contractor. Number 2. The partner team already has budget for contractors, and they're already actively hiring for contractors. So I think that's an interesting one.
Bob Moesta: Yep. So the so the other thing I would say is, you need to actually study their approaches because their approaches aren't working
Bob Moesta: right. And so like you can almost tell the story of like you did this. You hired these salespeople, and then you hired somebody to support them. But they didn't really know what to do. And then this happened. And this happened, and this like, ultimately, we can get you somebody who has this expertise and help you do this for half the price. But it's way more effective because of blah blah, blah blah, right? So you've got to be able to come back.
Bob Moesta: And so not only do you have to understand, like the 3 different jobs, but then how are the people that they're using in those jobs? Not working? Because if it's working for them, they have no reason to look at you.
Meg Hall: And so what's not working about those relationships?
Meg Hall: Yeah, I mean, most often, it's it's expanding into a new market. So that's kind of that was the criteria.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, but it's like the the problem would be is, you know, what? We didn't get as much traction as we thought we would. You know what we've had to go back 3 times to actually kind of re revamp all the materials like, what are the consequences of this? Because, again. Nobody. Nobody really values this until they've been through it 2 or 3 times. And they go like, yeah, we're just doing the same thing we did last time, and it didn't work right? So you've got to connect it with this really doesn't work. But we don't have any alternative.
Meg Hall: Yeah, definitely. And I think the question that I was struggling with was, You know, why? Why go with a 3rd party, instead of hiring a full time person. And so I think that that's part of it is like, if we figure out why they where they failed previously with a full time person.
Bob Moesta: Well. And so this is. This is my personal opinion. Is I much rather outsource it first, st till I know I'm really committed to it, because at some point there's still so many big unknowns that I need you to uncover some of the fundamental unknowns that I don't know to realize what's the right person I need to hire. And a lot of times we end up hiring people who mirror success in the other categories or the other channels, and they don't actually perform at all in this category.
Bob Moesta: And so part of it is is to actually almost highlight some of the risks they have, and some of the misfits they've had, so they can when you're telling them a story they're going. Yep, that's happened to me. Yep, I know what that is. It's like. Okay, let me tell you how we're solving that now they're open to listen
Bob Moesta: right?
Bob Moesta: So that's that's kind of where I'd start, and I I might pick one or 2 of these to start in and then figure out how to migrate to the other, I think trying to go after all, 3 is kind of.
Bob Moesta: They're almost structurally different to me. And so you like, I don't think you can create one service package that works for all 3. Right? So I would think about trying to pick one like you said, if your strength is in the in the support kind of the the expansion like I would try to make it land there, because if I can make it land there, I'm sure I can make it land in the other 2.
Meg Hall: Yeah, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Take care of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: real quick team. Sorry to jump in. Bob is 3 h ahead of us. It is 7 pm. Almost time. So, Bob, are you.
Bob Moesta: I got a little bit. I I hold on one second. I just gotta check one thing. I've got a.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Sure, sure.
Bob Moesta: Just find out where my.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You just have one more company.
Bob Moesta: Hold on!
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Sorry to jump in, Meg.
Bob Moesta: No, that's okay.
Bob Moesta: Yep, we're good. Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, so.
Bob Moesta: Track my wife to find out where she was, because.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's right. Okay.
Bob Moesta: My night to make dinner, and I gotta make dinner, and she's not even moving yet, and I can get dinner on the table faster than that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Obviously the the founders. You all know the rules at at time. It's 4 o'clock over here on the West coast, if you need to jump, jump, but I highly encourage you to listen to whatever Bob has left to say. If you can.
Bob Moesta: Got it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool.
Bob Moesta: Hey? Trina.
Trina Das: Hi, Bob, thank you so much for giving that extra time for listening to me. I'm super grateful for this opportunity to discuss our business with you.
Trina Das: So basically at trains, we are solving the problem of biomedical AI teams who are trying to implement biomedical models which are based on imaging data. So if you look at diagnostic labs in the Us. They make a lot of mistakes because of radiology reading errors like, you know, there are false positives and misdetections which cost this labs a lot of money, and they are
Trina Das: the inefficiencies in the process of diagnosis is costing a lot for the entire, like, you know, lot of stakeholders. So what we
Trina Das: is, most of this cover is is most of this covered through malpractice insurance.
Trina Das: Yes, so basically, there is a part of it that is covered but there are, like, you know, radiology errors like radiologist errors which are not in certain ways where radiologist has this risk of losing their license and lot of other like, you know.
Bob Moesta: Oh, wow!
Trina Das: Which is like crazy, and which is why radiologists do require help from AI models.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah.
Trina Das: Market reason why labs in the Us are wanting to implement AI models. Now, the tricky part is that these labs doesn't have the tech teams to implement these AI models in terms of like just integrating their data with AI models. Even if it is a plug and play model, or to annotate the data or to, like, you know, track the data, ensure that they are compliantly like, you know, implementing the model throughout all these things requires a lot of data tools, and they don't have that or the expertise in house to
Trina Das: building from scratch wasting them months and a lot of money. So we at trains are solving that infrastructure gaps, giving them the data tools required to like, you know, implement highly accurate and optimized AI models which are like accurate in their production environment. And the biggest data point is that even for the most like, you know, accurate models which are actually having, like 96, 97% training accuracy.
Trina Das: The moment you implement them in production, it starts breaking and the accuracy drops to 50 60% because there are a lot of data flaws. And like, you know, data challenges trees can solve this entirely and help you make like, you know, like, make sure that the models are accurate even in your environment.
Trina Das: So for Gtbts, we have actually interviewed a lot of pathologists, radiologists, we are starting with chest X-ray data. And we have, like, you know, also interviewed a lot of CIO Ctos of these labs
Trina Das: who are our major customers, and we have also created, like a whole need list of like a lot of labs in the Us. Around 8,000 labs who fit into our screening criteria of labs that has recently implemented imaging group AI models, or are planning to implement immediately. So I wanted to ask you some things like, you know, the 1st question that I have is that, are we solving the real
Trina Das: barrier to production grade? Biomedical? AI. Would you agree to that like positioning ourselves right like that? And the second thing is like, you know, who do you think? Should we actually target? Is it going to be the AI engineer or like enterprise? It teams, or like the CIO Ctos we are we from our Jtvs. We have found out that CIO Ctos are the
Trina Das: most like, you know, crucial like crucial decision maker in this case. Yep.
Bob Moesta: So so, having worked in in hospital systems and being able to understand how those systems work. The 1st thing is, the CIO is, is probably, or the chief legal officer. One of those 2 is who you want to go to
Bob Moesta: right, because at some point in time they they have responsibility for the systems that actually do all these things. And so what happens is when there's a big lawsuit when there's a malpractice suit that's like I would be scanning everybody who has had a malpractice suit of any sort in terms of this kind of mistake of making these mistakes, because that's that's the the biggest pain where they're gonna go like, yep, we need to do something, but we don't know what it is. And so
Bob Moesta: The other thing to realize is that they have these scores for the hospitals and the scoring for the hospital then reflects kind of some of the government funding that they get, and so, having a malpractice suit actually affects their score, which actually affects their funding
Bob Moesta: right. And and so you have to actually connect the dots between those the thing is is the AI engineer might be the one who
Bob Moesta: who actually helps you implement it. But the reality is is they don't have the ability to buy anything, they only have the ability to to implement things, and so the only person.
Trina Das: Okay. Yeah.
Bob Moesta: Is that wrong?
Trina Das: No, no, no, I think the legal and compliance angle. I never explored that. But that sounds like a very strong like, you know.
Bob Moesta: It. It is because this. So I I looked at we. I had a 2 2 underlying systems that that hospitals had to buy, and what you realize. If it didn't cost them money or it wasn't broken, they were doing nothing about it.
Bob Moesta: And so my thing is is, they might have only a 70% like a effective rate. But if they're not getting sued about it, and they're not, actually, they don't see it as a problem on their on their governmental data. The rails like they're not touching it because they've got so many other problems. And so part of this is to. So the other thing I would do is, I would tell you to figure out how to shape it, to fit the hospital system.
Trina Das: Right.
Bob Moesta: Right? Because at some point in time, like, if you can like cause, my belief is they have a they probably have a global system like an sap, or some some big system, or or
Bob Moesta: who's the other guy in Madison?
Trina Das: Yeah, like, reading and data visualization.
Bob Moesta: They have all these. They have all these tools and stuff. But the reality is is like at some point in time. You want to go to almost the tier. 2 people who don't have those big systems and literally are just trying to figure out where it's like they'll they'd rather buy, and I'm sorry to say it this way, but they'd rather buy a Band-aid than buy a a whole new way to do something
Bob Moesta: right. And so part of this is to figure out, where can you slot in to do that? And my belief is that there's like the other thing I would actually think about is the pet industry
Bob Moesta: anything to do with vets, veterinarians. They have the same problem. They have all the same diagnostics. The pathologists are all basically making the same problem.
Trina Das: So we don't have our models work only on humans right now. So we
Trina Das: okay, okay, I. And I was thinking, I was thinking about the veterinary market only because it's an easier market to get into.
Bob Moesta: Right that then then the because the hospital side is is just, it's so big. And now you might be able to go to certain practices, but what I would find that anybody who's in like radiology practices, they're gonna try to buy the best because they want to grow the the business. And so my thing is, is you want to find somebody who can, who's willing to take a standalone solution that will actually do it. And so it's probably mid tier or a rural hospital.
Trina Das: Yeah, that's a great point. So we are not actually stopping them to buy the best. What we are saying is, even if you buy the best implementing. The best in your environment requires a lot of data tools. Either you have to build your own data tools or you have to like, you know, work with something compromised. We can help you solve that gap like the adapter that is working.
Trina Das: Thank you.
Bob Moesta: But but if they, if they already have the tools and they already have the people, then it's just putting time and effort to go against it.
Trina Das: No, they don't. So every lab, every environment. To implement AI, they need to build custom, like, you know, workflows and custom tools for those environments, and they don't have that they have to build build it. We are giving them the infrastructure and the tools to like do it much faster and specifically built for diagnostic labs.
Trina Das: So we are not stopping them from.
Bob Moesta: Are you are, by the way, are you taking on the liability? If it's wrong.
Trina Das: No, we are not, we are not. We are not positioning ourselves as a medical devices, company and all we are. So we are just positioning ourselves like a data infrastructure company.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. But if you give me the wrong, if you give me the wrong diagnostic, can I hold you account.
Trina Das: We are not. No, so we are not giving them the diagnostic. That's the whole point. So we, we are letting them implement the best models in the.
Bob Moesta: Got it.
Trina Das: And implementing is the challenge, and that implementing the bridge that it takes to. So you can imagine, scale AI.
Bob Moesta: Yup!
Trina Das: File me.
Bob Moesta: So.
Trina Das: What do you.
Bob Moesta: The the one other piece of advice I would tell you then, is, if you're going to try to go to radiology practices and and do this for radiology practices. Typically, there's 1 or 2 of the radiologists who are the who are the geeks who are into this
Bob Moesta: you need to find the 2 who are one or 2 who are really into it, because the rest of them are just cranking. They're just doing all the other stuff. But there's usually a partner who's in charge of systems and infrastructure. And and they're a geek around some of these things, and my belief is you'll have way, more success if you actually can. I isolate who that person is in the practice because they're the ones most likely to actually buy it where everybody else is just doesn't have to say No.
Bob Moesta: right? Somebody's got to say yes, and you want to find that person who's who's willing to take the political risk to put in a new system to solve this problem.
Bob Moesta: Cool, I got a
Bob Moesta: that. It's a, it's like, it's either it's not a problem, or it's a really big problem. But there's no like we have. We're kind of good at it, like it's like they don't even think about it, or they're thinking about it every day. And so it's it's 1 of those things where I think it should be obvious who? Who's candidates and who are like? Oh, that's interesting when they say, interesting, that's the kiss of death.
Bob Moesta: Do you know why?
Bob Moesta: Cause they? They cannot articulate?
Bob Moesta: Yeah, but they can't articulate any of the outcomes that they would get with it. It's like the 2 the 2 phrases when when you talk to customers about your product, if they say it's cool.
Bob Moesta: or they say it's interesting.
Bob Moesta: It means nothing. It means that they're just trying to make up words to tell you. And so I would be very wary of people who tell you those 2 words.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Great.
Bob Moesta: All right, Neil.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So, Bob, I have one final, clever question.
Bob Moesta: Good.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: For you. So you've met. I think every single class that I've invested in at Texas.
Bob Moesta: A pretty damn good class, my friend.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Thank you. This is 13. This is Class Number 13. So my question for you, though, is that out of the 13 classes you've helped a lot of my founders separately outside of this as well. None more than you've helped Jake. So what has made and separated your desire and willingness to spend so much time helping Jake relative to every other founder that has asked you for help.
Bob Moesta: So so before I answered, I want Jake to answer, Jake. Why did I help you?
Jake Gutstein: Man I I was on. I was in Sf. Last week, and Neil was like really drilling me on this.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah.
Jake Gutstein: I don't know. I.
Bob Moesta: And I literally have helped you more than anybody else in Techstar's history.
Jake Gutstein: Yeah, I really like this stuff.
Jake Gutstein: So I don't know if that.
Bob Moesta: But it's not so alright. So let me. Let's break it down a little bit. One is is you take you take the time to understand what I'm saying, and, to be honest, you hold me accountable to the words I use, so you'll you'll come back 3 days later.
Jake Gutstein: I forgot about that. You told me. I just keep coming back.
Bob Moesta: You just keep coming back. And so the but but you come back with 2 things the humility to say you don't know
Bob Moesta: the curiosity to actually be open to what the answer might be.
Bob Moesta: And then the 3rd thing is, you go off and try, and, to be honest, you might fall flat on your face, you might actually get a little bit of thing. But then you come back and say, All right. This is what I did. Here's where how it went, and you give me the feedback, and the other part is you. You value my time so much that, like we could do a lot of these conversations in 5 min.
Bob Moesta: Right? And so it's that that building the building a way in which to actually have conversations very, very quickly, so like the 1st 2 min is what like, why are we talking? The other 2 min is basically about what? What what you're struggling with. And then there's 1 min for me to basically say, Do we need more time? Or can I just give you an answer? And then we could actually, we, we would resolve a lot of things in 5 to 7 min.
Bob Moesta: You know. What would you agree.
Jake Gutstein: Yeah, no, that that part of it is definitely spot on.
Bob Moesta: I think the other part is that you also did not just accept what I had to say. You challenged and you challenged, based on kind of going back and doing research or going back and kind of saying, like, Yeah, but I learned it this way. And this is what it feels like this, these 2 feeling conflict. Why are they? Why are they in conflict, or am I looking at it? Wrong?
Bob Moesta: Kind of thing? And so you, you would you? You would argue and and debate with me around it. So you got clarity of understanding, and what you helped me with is being able to articulate how it's different from some of these other things that people are doing like the our whole conversation around personas. I remember very vividly
Bob Moesta: right that way.
Bob Moesta: Neil does that.
Bob Moesta: I tease that out because I wanted them to hear that connection and to aspire to have that same type of connection with someone that they can from it could be you. It could be many other people that they've met or will meet. So I think.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So really good, kind of.
Jake Gutstein: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: So this is, yeah, totally.
Bob Moesta: Here, I got to turn this up. So this is my mentors, right? And what I'll tell you is, I've learned, just like you got to remember I'm a dyslexic, illiterate person. At 18 years old I was told to be a construction worker or a baggage handler, and the reality is is these 4 people, Dr. Willie Moore, Dr. Taguchi, Dr. Christensen, and Dr. Deming.
Bob Moesta: They all were my mentors. I worked with them directly, almost at least for a period of time. And ultimately the fact is is that I I learned how to be a mentor because I was mentored by them, but they were. They were very hard on me. They were very direct on me. They made me work my ass off, and then, when I was wrong. They literally rubbed my nose in it, and they basically made sure that I knew how things worked. I'm not saying
Bob Moesta: I'm that way, but the fact is that I think there's there's some efficiency about telling Jake to go. No, that's not. That's close. Go do a couple more interviews, Jake.
Bob Moesta: right? And so part of this is to realize it's about you learning how to do it. And you need to actually realize that there's
Bob Moesta: so there's a there's a point where.
Bob Moesta: So I wrote an article or a a blog post, or whatever in Hbr. Maybe, Neil, can you look it up? It's called getting the mentoring equation right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: On it.
Bob Moesta: And what it. What it talks about is, the fact is is that one of the reasons why I'm mentoring Jake is because I want Jake to be a peer of mine, so we can collaborate on things later.
Bob Moesta: And so I'm trying to download everything I can to Jake. But eventually, Jake, I will not be Jake's mentor anymore. I will be his peer.
Bob Moesta: And and ultimately that we're getting very close to it. But it's that aspect of as we're going through this. The reason why I'm doing this as a mentor is, I need other people to play with, and I need other people who are serious about this stuff. And so to me.
Bob Moesta: find people who love the stuff you're talking about, learn as much as they as they will give you, and then figure out how to become a peer to them, because they want to collaborate and be better as well. And there's no like for me. There's very little people I can collaborate with who will push me to the next level.
Bob Moesta: But my mentees.
Bob Moesta: Sorry.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Came on.
Bob Moesta: Epsilon.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What's for dinner?
Bob Moesta: Grilled chicken rice and snap peas.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No wine.
Bob Moesta: No wine, not not I. I've cut. I've
Bob Moesta: I've I've stopped drinking for a period of time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Congrats.
Bob Moesta: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Proud of you.
Bob Moesta: So that's it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Awesome, awesome, awesome.
Bob Moesta: Can I? If if there are people still here? I don't know how many people are still here like they didn't have to stay, but like, what did you learn? I want to know what people get out of this, because, like, I feel like, this is a this is like,
Bob Moesta: you know, somebody just throwing throwing baseballs at me and me letting just literally swinging, you know, just getting batting practice in. So I I don't really know if you guys get anything out of this. So if anybody's willing to come out and share what you've learned out of this, that would be great.
Ankur Toshniwal: I don't need everybody.
Ankur Toshniwal: Carla, you go first.st Yeah.
Carlo Scaglia: Well for me, I think it was more more so. Just like
Carlo Scaglia: Well, 2 things, 1 1 a positioning of product, because I think I don't want to speak for the others, but always feels like most of us know, the things, is just like reiterating them or identifying like a process around them, and how you can approach clients within it.
Bob Moesta: Yep.
Carlo Scaglia: And then, secondly, it's kind of those that difference between you know, using and then staying. I thought that was possibly for me really interesting because I was benchmarking them with the same tier, using and stay
Carlo Scaglia: when, in fact, using attracts. And then the staying so keeps. So those were my 2 main things.
Bob Moesta: Very cool. Thank you.
Carlo Scaglia: Thank you.
Ankur Toshniwal: I I was just gonna add, I I think I was.
Ankur Toshniwal: I was surprised how simple you kind of kept stuff. I don't know. I think Neil's kind.
Bob Moesta: I take that as a compliment. That's.
Ankur Toshniwal: Very much so I think that it was actually very easy to understand. whereas, you know, I think maybe there's a bit of an impression that, like you go really deep and like it's like kind of goes really into the nitty gritty. But he actually kept it like very practical and kept it about business and kept it, you know.
Ankur Toshniwal: so that I could understand your conversation with whatever 9 other companies, despite not necessarily knowing every single piece of those other companies. And keeping it down, you know, to to the basics of what build a good business.
Ankur Toshniwal: also just make me think in a business oriented way. Hey? Are we preventing the product from, you know, causing churn? You know what you know? What is? What is the metrics keep it simple. And I think that's that's just illuminating.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, the thing I would add is, the fact is, what I'm trying to do is get you to be so immersed in the demand side, because most of you know the supply side so well about what you can build, and you know how we're going to market, and like all these other things. But the the fact is, the more you're rooted in the demand side, the easier the supply side becomes. And that's why
Bob Moesta: it it actually is simple when you actually have demand, very clear it. And so, to be honest, if it becomes too complicated to figure out, I typically will take a step back and re interview, because it means I didn't actually make it simple enough.
Bob Moesta: because once you see this, some once, you see the demand side, it actually causes simplicity. You're like, on the other side of complexity.
Jake Gutstein: i 1 1 thing that I would just
Jake Gutstein: add in there anchor like the reason you're saying he made the business easy to understand. It's because he's like speaking to the people rather than the business. The people who are buying
Jake Gutstein: you know, and almost everybody can relate to buying
Jake Gutstein: right. So he's talking in a way that you're gonna understand, because you don't need to know anything about what the people are selling during these conversations. And that's like the expertise to which he's like bringing himself. I nerd out of it. I'm like.
Bob Moesta: Alex.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, for me. I took out 3 main things. The 1st one that you said to Callo, I think was really insightful is about articulating the problem better than they would say it. I think that resonated a lot with me. The second thing is, it sounds weird. But every time I was trying to understand, like your path of thoughts with each one of us, and each time it was like
Alex Nativelle: understanding clearly who are the stakeholders, and what is their big, big problem. And that feels weird to say, but when you said, if someone says, Yeah, that's cool, or you know.
Bob Moesta: Interesting. It's not big enough.
Alex Nativelle: And we had that a lot. And I think a lot of us can resonate with that because we're building AI, you know, cool stuff innovative. But you were always like, yeah, but they do. They really need it? Is it a bandit? Is it something, and always dipping on that? And the 3rd thing would be like the time, money, and knowledge that we like triangle, that we talked about.
Bob Moesta: Yeah.
Alex Nativelle: Going to come back to.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah, I like to be honest, one of the attitudes I take about this is, I've done now 10 startups. And what I'll tell you is like, I want the advice, like the advice that I got when I was in my twenties and thirties was garbage, because everybody told me, oh, this is a great idea! Oh, this is so wonderful! And you're like, and and they're being supportive. But they're actually just ruining my life because they're like. I keep falling down the path when I should have pivoted 2 or 3 times before, and so I feel like my job is to be as brutal as I can, but without crushing you.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah.
Jake Gutstein: And is is is George still here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You know it.
George Haikal: Is he? Where's George?
George Haikal: I'm right here listening.
Bob Moesta: There you go. So, George George. So if I have a hierarchy, it's Neil, and then it's and then it's Jake, and George is the newest addition to the mentoring my of my realm. And so, like George has been, I've been pushing George a lot. But, George, what's what's it like to to for me to mentor you.
George Haikal: It's a good question.
Bob Moesta: I'll put you on the spot. I know.
George Haikal: Oh, no, it's good. It's kind of going on your question on what we learned. It's acknowledge
George Haikal: that you're pretty dumb that I'm pretty dumb in terms of life knowledge, and what I want to do, and whatever I'm trying to figure out, stay curious about
George Haikal: the people you're talking to, and what you're trying to learn, and why, and then just getting down
George Haikal: to the truth of whatever it is.
Bob Moesta: The cause and effect. Just get down to cause and effect.
Bob Moesta: Right? So I I've met George. How long have we known each of the 4 years, 3 years, 4 or 5 years. I don't even
Bob Moesta: 4 or 5. Yeah, right? Right?
George Haikal: But.
Bob Moesta: And and I. I helped George just kind of navigate his way to different places, because at some point I saw what I see in Jake is what I see also in George, which is this humbleness, this curiosity, and this this ability to kind of like.
Bob Moesta: how to say, the the ability to take action like, it's those 3 combinations that make those. And Neil's the same way that it's those 3 things that are really essential for me as a mentor for to take anybody on you, you've got to be in the top 1% for that, and that's and and so my thing is is, you'll always find a good mentor. But I would tell you like, it's a 2 way street. You gotta help the mentor as much as the mentors helping you.
Bob Moesta: Neil. What like? What would you add to it about being a mentor, me being your mentor?
Bob Moesta: It's weird.
Bob Moesta: Say, that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, I know.
Bob Moesta: First.st
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I mean, there's there's 1 thing that I haven't answered yet, Bob, and then again, like I still haven't figured it out so and and that's why aren't you married?
Bob Moesta: Yeah, that's 1 of the problems we have. Yeah, every time I see Neil, I I don't it doesn't bode well, because all I ask about is like, is is he? He wants to be married, and we've tried to like you say, but I always interrogate him about his whoever he's dating, and are they the one or not? And if they are the one, what do you do? And if they're not the one, what do you do, and he hates it. He hates it.
Bob Moesta: Just I like it
Bob Moesta: to the nth degree, and and he knows that I'm gonna ask it. And he and there's times where I believe that you've actually stayed away from me because the the relationship is too early, and you don't want to answer my question.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I know.
Bob Moesta: No, I don't know yet. I don't want to, and and but it's it's only because I care.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, so the thing is is what I've learned from from you, Bob, though as a mentee is, this isn't just business
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like this is like you. You can't you? The way you look at the world starts to shift when you actually take this all the way in. So everywhere I look every little thing I interact with every day. I'm I'm looking at it through this lens of progress and jobs, way, shape or form. So that was my big unlock.
Bob Moesta: Yep, and that that's that's really what I consider the gift that my mentors gave to me was an ability to think in a very different way. And that's ultimately what I'm trying to pass down. So
Bob Moesta: thank you guys here, I'm gonna can. I? Can I snap a picture hold on.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Please. Oh, yeah.
Bob Moesta: I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't actually.
Bob Moesta: all right. Here we go. One.
Bob Moesta: Hold on. I gotta figure out where it's gonna go before I do it.
Bob Moesta: I don't want it. It doesn't need to go to 2025 taxes. It's gonna go to my desktop. There we go alright ready. One.
Jake Gutstein: Nrs.
Bob Moesta: 2, 3.
Bob Moesta: There we go. Thank you. Got it.
Bob Moesta: Very good.
Bob Moesta: Cool guys.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Bob, have a great dinner. Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Tomorrow we'll check in.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, we'll we'll check in tomorrow. Congratulations on the sale. Yep, cool. See? You guys, thank you. Bye.
Anthony De Silva: Thanks.
Vivian: Bye.